Let's try something.
It's useless to keep on thinking any more.
This is not my type.
When you send a telegram, brevity is essential because you will be charged for every word.
I look forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter.
Do you like rap?
Turn right at the crossroad.
You will be up against many difficulties.
You'd better not go out today.
You must study more.
Are you in favor of or against that policy?
You shouldn't talk back like that.
I'm fed up with your constant complaining.
What you say is right.
I will find you a good doctor.
All you have to do is to learn this sentence by heart.
Either you or your brother is wrong.
Take off your shoes.
The sun is shining in the sky.
I wish I were rich.
I'm looking forward to hearing from you soon.
It is no use trying to separate the sheep from the goats while in a state of madness.
It will be fine weather tomorrow, perhaps.
You can't enter here unless you have a pass.
He was still alive when the rescue party arrived.
The vacation came to an end all too soon.
Try to fulfill your duty.
The steamer is now out of sight.
Wait here till I come back.
I'll be glad to come.
There appears to have been a mistake.
It no longer seems to be a perfect circle.
Pleasure is the source of pain.
School begins in spring.
Round-trip fares to each destination are as follows.
Stay informed about what is happening in foreign countries.
Voyages of exploration were the earliest in the history of studying the ocean.
Whoever leaves the office last should turn off the light.
The meeting was canceled because of the rain.
We tend to think that our time is our own only on Sundays and holidays.
We are constrained to and restrained from an action.
We had native guides on our trip to the mountain.
Our car was fast and soon got ahead of the other cars.
Between overworking and under-sleeping, her health has begun to decline.
Please use this exit when there is a fire.
My wife is preparing dinner right now.
We spent a lot of money on furnishing our house.
Hundreds of people were on the spot.
Having failed several times, he tried to do it again.
I ache for a sight of the sea.
Whatever happens, please remember I'll stand by you.
The drain is running freely.
The roof was dripping.
I'll give you a piece of my mind.
It is more than 3 kilometers to the station.
I hear you are taking English lessons.
I'd like to go to the movies.
No kidding!?
Take an umbrella with you in case it rains.
You are a snake!
I wonder whether man could live with only two hours' sleep a night.
How on earth can we restore our youth?
It stopped snowing an hour ago.
The doctor's instructions are as follows: Take this medicine after meals.
There is no objection on my part.
The following is a summary of the President's speech.
Have the devil's own luck.
We climbed higher so that we might get a better view.
He got very angry, for she refused to follow his advice.
Would you sew a button on my shirt?
Rosie was allowed to stay up till eleven o'clock.
Can you tell me how to get to Lincoln Center?
I will be over tomorrow if you like.
The best fish smell when they are three days old.
Before long, the moon began to appear.
I had hoped to save more money.
Weather permitting, let's go on a picnic.
But for the safety belt, I wouldn't be alive today.
There's no turning back.
The matter was settled.
It will not be long before he gets well.
Meg is filled with excitement.
I met a friend of Mary's.
What's playing at the Music Box Theater?
It won't be long before a warm spring comes.
Let's do it another time.
Makoto found his true love on top of Ayers Rock. She's from Osaka.
You really like comic books, don't you?
Almost every day he goes to the river and fishes.
I go to bed very early.
A hole in one is moving on the whole.
Perry obtained precious information from him.
It is best to review the material before the presentation.
To Brian's surprise, his debt amounted to a considerable sum.
It looks like Bill will go to medical school after all.
It was dreadful weather.
The ambulance went out of control and came close to running over a pedestrian.
The battery ran down.
You'd better leave at once so that you don't miss the bus.
Yes, it has already started.
The rat made a hole in the wall.
Not knowing what to answer, I kept silent.
Indeed he is young, but he is prudent.
Why do I feel this way?
Any house is better than none.
Especially remarkable was her oval face.
Tom was at a loss how to express himself.
Tom came home early yesterday.
Not all children like apples.
Tony and his mother got on a bus in the middle of the town.
Which way goes to the city hall?
Put it wherever there is room.
That is a fine excuse.
I wondered why people were staring at me.
What's the matter? You look pale.
As soon as the door opened, they ran away.
But you will write, won't you?
Let me know the result as soon as you can.
In brief, you should have accepted the responsibility.
Hold on a second, I'll be right back. Don't hang up!
The champion was welcomed by large crowds.
Everybody seeks happiness.
Loose jackets are the latest fad.
Dachshund sausages first became popular in New York, especially at baseball games.
As a matter of fact, all great discoverers have been regarded as dreamers.
I cannot help laughing to hear such a story.
Don't be so greedy or you'll wind up with nothing.
Happy were the students who had such a good teacher.
You shall have it for nothing.
That is the same color as mine.
I just meant it as a joke.
It will prove to be up to expectation.
It's a wonderful work of art.
We can have that for you by tomorrow; no sweat.
Pretty soon along came to the village some strangely dressed people who called themselves surveyors; and they surveyed a line in front of my grandmother's little house.
The old man possesses great wealth.
The baseball team is certain to win the next game.
The tree is about as high as the roof.
The law kept people from playing football for a while.
The room commands a fine view of the lake.
I can't stand the noise.
The two boys traveled throughout the land.
The train departs here at 9:00 a.m.
Visitors to that town increase in number year by year.
The price includes postage.
It is difficult for me to pronounce the word.
A storm kept the ship from leaving Kobe.
The red hat goes well with your dress.
The new teacher clicked with the students.
The boy chose to stay with his mother.
The girl's voice became weaker and weaker.
That custom has little currency in Japan.
The question was impossible for us to answer.
The accident happened at that crossing.
The ring was nowhere to be found.
Don't force the child to eat.
I got a premium for subscribing to the magazine.
The idea is very attractive.
That word dropped from his mouth.
The results fell short of my expectations.
The bear is quite tame and doesn't bite.
The machine has been out of order since last month.
The injured man is now at rest.
The singer is popular among young people.
The princess was beautiful beyond description.
A prize was given in honor of the great scientist.
That hotel is not all it's cracked up to be.
I felt very sad when I heard the news.
The scandal detracted from his reputation.
Admission to the club is eagerly sought.
Sonia had a very amused look on her face.
There are no means of getting there.
That is why he wasn't present at the meeting.
I'm afraid you can't.
You have to give up sports for a while.
The speech contest was held under the auspices of the Ministry of Education.
Wait for me. I'll be back in no time.
I heard a faint sound nearby.
It is rude to stare at strangers.
John will not answer the question.
Miss Jones made a face when she heard the news.
Jack is wise beyond all others.
Jim likes to play the drum.
But earthquakes are still as frightening as ever.
Jane made an angry gesture.
I give a good scolding.
Let me donate what little money I have with me.
It is highly regrettable that your request was considered to be unacceptable.
The computer broke down.
It is criminal to pay so much money for such trifles.
Do you have a little bigger one than these?
These coins are of little value.
This is a bag of her own making.
This is something we cannot do without.
What a sad story this is!
Which is better, this or that?
I'm going home now.
Are you sure this is the right train?
This problem demands immediate attention.
This book is easy for me to read.
This news is official.
It was in this room that we had the meeting last Friday.
This tool lends itself to many purposes.
Go two blocks along this street and turn left.
There are fifty families in this village.
Hunting game is forbidden in these tranquil woods.
My uncle wrote this letter of introduction.
Was this letter written by Mary?
This car runs on alcohol.
There are a number of places to see in this city.
Freedom of speech was restricted in this country.
Your help would be appreciated on this matter.
Is this fish still alive?
I can't put up with this cold.
This house is conveniently situated but the trouble is that it is too small for my large family.
This rule does not apply in all cases.
Let's put in a lot of time on that project.
I'd like to try on this dress.
This soup tastes of onions.
Who is responsible for this class?
The two of them were never to meet again.
It is nice and cool here.
As long as you're here, you'd better take a bath.
How far is it from here to Hakata?
Put on your coat.
Ken beat me at chess.
Kate spread the cloth over the table.
All the pupils in the class like Miss Smith.
I have been busy today.
I'm sure of his working for our company.
I bought a camera with its accessories.
All right, sir. The salad bar is over there.
I hope that your mother gets well soon.
Please give me a cup of tea.
You're my good omen.
The visitor has gone away five minutes before you came back.
It was careless of you to forget your homework.
Thank you very much for your help.
They have less rain in Egypt than in Japan.
My boy can't do addition properly yet.
There really is such a thing as Internet addiction.
When will you go on a journey?
Bob went out before I knew it.
When are you going to call the doctor's office?
The political systems of Britain and Japan have a great deal in common.
They were treating me so rudely that I suddenly just lost it.
That is a student whom my father teaches.
The prices of certain foods vary from week to week.
I nearly made a mistake.
It wasn't a very interesting novel.
What's that tall man playing?
Is she all right?
That car is a real beauty.
The student is likely to do well on this coming mid-term exam.
The amateur singer won first in the talent show hands down.
You'll have to get up early tomorrow morning.
You should make your attitude clear.
Do you want to see our English lesson?
Why are you busy today?
Which CD do you want to listen to?
How do you account for this situation?
Your story doesn't square with the facts.
If your boss "sacks" you, it means you're fired.
How many students are there in your school?
You don't practice what you preach.
How would you deal with the problem?
What you were taught is wrong.
I have got only a week left before school starts.
Would you please refrain from smoking when babies are here?
A man like that gets on my nerves.
As it was past 8 p.m. we called it a day.
He'll be back by five o'clock.
If you add three to four, you get seven.
There's a vital link between the two.
I haven't had a square meal for a week.
Has Flight 123 arrived?
Do you think he will come? "I hope not."
May I join you? "Why not?"
Done! says the angel, and disappears in a cloud of smoke and a bolt of lightning.
Would you care to come with us?
My brother advised me to stop smoking.
The police held the crowd back.
Police rushed to the scene on the tip that a time bomb was planted.
You should on no account cheat in the exam.
The wedding will take place next spring.
Careful of his health, he seldom falls ill.
A dog has a sharp sense of smell.
A wise businessman knows how to clamp down on costs.
It is not always easy to face reality.
Private charity is only a drop in the bucket.
I asked her to call me at five o'clock.
Such fishes as carp and trout live in fresh water.
To do him justice, he was kind at heart.
The sayings of Confucius are famous.
She divorced her good-for-nothing husband because she was disgusted with him.
I think you should probably see someone from Purchasing.
The Diet is likely to amend this unpopular law.
I have just come here.
I don't want to resign my job at present.
You can count on us for better service in the future.
The street is free from snow now.
Today's performance of the ABC Symphony Orchestra fell short of my expectations.
I feel a little weak today.
It's Saturday today.
This year the cherry blossoms are coming out a little later than usual.
I have to stay at a hotel near the airport tonight.
We have to do without sugar.
Modern cats don't eat rats.
In the opening paragraphs I query the validity of so-called supply-side economic strategies.
The judge charged the audience to be silent.
Whom did you visit yesterday afternoon?
He delivered a very long speech yesterday.
I studied last night.
Mr Yamada, you are wanted on the phone.
Collect your thoughts before you begin your work.
I had breakfast in haste in order to be in time for the first bus.
Children should keep away from the danger.
The child started to run; perhaps he wanted to show off.
I will show you around the city.
It appears my mail on January 10 did not reach you.
Can't you guess what I'm doing?
I had hardly fallen asleep when the telephone rang.
As I was walking, it began to rain.
Didn't you notice us going out of the room?
Whatever we decide must be approved by the committee.
We have to hire a room to hold the party in.
We failed to persuade him.
We sat in the center of the room.
Please keep in mind that we have to be with other students.
We cannot help missing you badly.
We must stand up for our rights.
We took care of our horses by turns.
We invited him to our house.
We got ready.
Will you knit a sweater for me?
Let me go my own way.
Teach judo to me.
My duty is always before me.
My family are all in good health.
Please listen to me.
My watch gains thirty seconds a month.
The living room in my new house is very large.
As far as I know, he has never been overseas.
My father is a pilot on the domestic line.
My sister resembles my grandmother.
Listen to what I have to say.
I saw him go out of the room just now.
I arrived in Kobe around two-thirty.
I thank you.
I went to Europe by way of America.
I wrote to my uncle, who wrote back to me soon.
I was able to see the smoke from here.
I've made the same mistakes as I made last time.
I saw Jim and Mary taking a walk hand in hand in the park.
I am acquainted with the chairman of that club.
I was ill for weeks after.
I was greatly disappointed at hearing the news.
I bought it at a department store.
I have just finished my work.
I can't afford to buy a car.
I pigged out on pizza.
I have just been to the Midori Bank.
I trust Richard; he is a man of his word.
I went out in spite of the rain.
I want to drink something.
I like to draw pictures.
I went to Hawaii on vacation for a couple of weeks.
How much do I owe you?
I didn't know how to express myself.
I am writing a letter now.
It was not until yesterday that I learned the truth.
I left my baby in her care and went shopping.
I asked my teacher what to do next.
Whenever I drive, I fasten my seat belt to protect myself.
I play shogi a little.
I lost my way in the woods.
I caught a cold last month.
I came to know many university students.
I am in the habit of going for a walk before breakfast.
I am clever, sensitive and imaginative.
I noticed the sale prices were written in red ink.
I took it for granted that he would come.
I advised him against smoking.
I'm pointing a finger at his mistake.
I was much impressed by his speech.
I found her mending a skirt.
I love her.
I like to wear my skirts knee length.
I watch television before I study.
I saw a sleeping dog.
I make a point of taking a walk before supper.
I stood with my arms folded.
Our class consists of thirty students.
We went aboard the plane.
We went swimming in the river yesterday.
We clean our classroom after school.
It was tough going during the exams.
The accident took place near that intersection.
Make haste in case you are late.
I can't guess what to do next.
Would you like your ears to show?
I have no self-esteem.
You are free to use this dictionary.
To tell the truth, I'm not so well as before.
When one lucky spirit abandons you another picks you up. I just passed an exam for a job.
I had to go to my office by bus because my car had engine trouble.
The young should be kind to the old.
The letter will arrive tomorrow.
Now that school is over, you can go home.
I hankered to get out of the city for a weekend.
My uncle told me the story by way of a joke.
I would like to, but I have a previous appointment.
Many runners passed out in the heat.
Were you shouting at my wife?
Little girls like playing with dolls.
A short walk brought me to the lake.
The boy took off his cap.
A kiss will be given to the person who wants to laugh.
Passengers should board the train now.
You must not read while eating.
Turn to the left without regard to the signal.
The project to build a new sports center has fallen through for lack of adequate funds.
The site for the new factory has not been decided.
The woods were clothed in autumn leaves.
Any gentleman would not use such language.
It is not right to criticize people behind their backs.
Never trust a stranger.
There were some people sitting about on the grass.
Don't see life in terms of money.
Water makes up most of the earth's surface.
Some people were hanging around at the entrance.
Does a uniform eliminate class difference?
The government made no move to solve the housing problem.
Going all out like this is going to propel me right into an all-or-nothing struggle.
The Bible tells us that we should love our neighbors.
I wish I could get back the tone and nimbleness I once had.
Would you like red wine or white wine?
Owing to the snow, the train was delayed.
The teacher will illustrate how to do it.
Our teacher told us when to start.
The river is no longer as clean as it used to be.
I believe the ship will arrive on schedule.
Many support the former alternative, but I prefer the latter.
The flag of his fatherland brought tears to his eyes.
Keeping early hours is good for the health.
The frost did much harm to the crops.
Please send it by special delivery.
It's important for us to be thoughtful of others.
Extensive reading is as important as intensive reading.
Taro is very likely to pass the university entrance examination.
Typhoon No.9 is approaching Shikoku.
The number of college students is increasing.
You should be careful when crossing a big street.
In the fourth place, even if we succeeded in carrying off the bear cubs, we could not run up a mountain without stopping to rest.
Go and see who it is.
No one's frightened of playing it.
There were more people present at the birthday party than was expected.
Could you take off the price tag for me?
The descent to hell is easy.
I fear that we are late.
I'm afraid I won't be able to make it for our luncheon appointment.
If you set out early, you'll be in time for the train.
There was a long silence. At length she said, "So you're leaving me."
I have a slipped disc.
Can you name all the trees in the garden?
Moderate exercise will refresh both mind and body.
I will start, weather permitting.
Our electric heater does not work well.
A word, once out, flies everywhere.
The party convention was put off.
During the rush hour in Tokyo and Osaka, the trains run at intervals of a few minutes.
Do you have today's tickets?
The zoo is in the east of the town.
The road was wet from the rain.
A sudden noise distracted their attention from the game.
Two men came up to me.
The drought may tell on the harvest this year.
No other singer in Japan is as popular as she.
Don't you think that the taxes are too heavy in Japan?
The Japanese government can't cope with the problem.
I can hear a cat scratching at the window.
You must think of your old parents.
Being short is a disadvantage to a volleyball player.
I have dry skin.
He can't be under thirty.
He is the man who drew the picture.
I wish he would write more often.
I was just going to write a letter when he came home.
I know he is watching me.
He is the boy of whom I spoke the other day.
All he wanted was time to finish his painting.
Do you want me to fix you up with him?
He has a daughter who is pretty.
He does not have a particle of honesty in him.
I think it is important to tell him the facts.
Let me go in place of him.
I think his opinion is of great importance.
His family is rather badly off.
He will get nowhere with his plans.
His words carried me back to my childhood.
His work is a synthesis of several ideas.
His debt amounted to a considerable sum.
Everyone remarked on his new hairstyle.
His grandfather lives on an allowance from his son.
His arrival was greeted with cheers.
His right-hand man gave him away and got in his way to the top.
His acts of courage brought him glory.
Some believed his story, and others did not.
He made me happy yesterday.
He made ten mistakes in as many lines.
He is about forty.
He avoids keeping company with those ladies.
He is eminent for his great discoveries.
He always speaks well of her.
He carried his grandfather on his back.
He is able to play the guitar.
He is playing here.
He went home without so much as saying good-bye.
He will get well soon.
He did the crossword with ease.
He wants to participate in the contest.
He is involved in the case a little.
He regretted being lazy last term.
He tried in vain to solve the problem.
He was in a twitter.
He wrote a story just now.
How did he come?
He's good at cards.
He closed the door suddenly.
He can speak French well.
He still holds the heavyweight title.
He was almost asleep.
He thought it over, and decided not to go.
He put out his hand to me for a handshake.
He decided to set out for New York by himself.
He seems unable to swim.
He was beaten black and blue.
I suppose he's gone home.
He has the privileges of membership.
He was proud of his school record.
He was in critical condition.
He tried to give up smoking last year, but it was in vain.
He worked hard to make money only to fail.
He paid me the compliment of listening.
He was compelled to resign on account of ill health.
He traded his old car in for a new one.
He is not so careless as to take the wrong train.
He is dead and buried now.
He related to his wife something interesting about his employer.
He nodded as much as to say that he agreed.
The old couple gave him up for lost.
He asked me what I had bought.
He gave me a piece of friendly advice.
He held out his hand and I took it.
Hardly had he seen me when he ran away.
He gave us a detailed account of the accident.
He felt that the reason he was able to succeed was because of his friends' help.
He draws on his childhood experiences for the material of most of his stories.
He abandoned socialism.
He had three pieces of baggage.
He showed little interest in books or music.
He tried to laugh her out of her foolish belief.
He engages himself in every new project.
He readily agreed to my proposal.
He is frantically on the make.
He has a lot of books for the young.
He did well in all subjects, particularly mathematics.
He tried to break his son's habit of smoking.
He grew up to be a very reliable man.
He is humble towards everyone.
He has not eaten a decent meal in a long time.
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.
He seems to have a habit of getting on his coworker's back when he makes a mistake.
He's not always at home on Sundays.
He answers to the description of the criminal.
He gave her a piece of paper.
He has a tendency to be pessimistic.
He was absent from school because of illness.
He was the instrument of his father's crimes.
He wanted to make the most of his chance to learn.
Is he reading a book?
He dared to doubt my sincerity.
He works even late at night.
He is eager to become famous.
He has a good constitution.
Both he and I were able to solve the math problem.
There are many factors behind the quarrel between them.
They stayed up late talking.
They made Oshin work from morning till night.
They defied the policeman's order.
Why did they wait upon him so servilely?
They laugh at him behind his back.
They had to endure a hard life.
They arrived here safely yesterday.
They spoke ill of the captain in his absence.
They crept forward.
They have the same habits.
They seemed to be discussing a matter of great importance.
They believe that the soul is immortal.
Don't call those students fools.
Her debut was the biggest social event of the season.
There is little hope that she will come on time.
She is old enough to know better than to expect too much of her parents.
She had at least four faults.
What strikes me most about her is her innocence.
She irritates me to no end with her complaints.
Her smile expressed her thanks.
Her hair feels like silk.
She could see the driver from where she stood.
She was fatter ten years ago than she is now.
She waited for you for two hours.
She always keeps her room in good order.
She accepted him her suitor.
She is often late for school on Mondays.
She is pleased with the dress.
She looked troubled by the news.
She went out to look for a taxi.
She looks very happy.
She was in trouble because she lost her passport.
She spoke scarcely a word of English.
She came with good news.
She picked out the most expensive dress.
She doesn't like to leave anything unfinished.
She sang happily.
She went crazy with fear.
She is much afraid of dogs.
She is in her hotel now.
Having done the work, she has nothing to do.
She whispered to me that she was hungry.
She is envious of my good fortune.
She cursed the times.
She slipped her arm into his.
She's writing something in her study.
She was kind enough to accompany me to the station.
She folded her baby in her arms.
She doesn't pay attention to others; in other words, she is selfish.
She didn't like living in the city.
She has just turned twelve.
She suggested that he try it.
She described him as handsome.
She devoted her life to working among the poor.
She shined the knives and forks for Mother.
She is a beauty, admittedly, but she has her faults.
She will give a party next week.
She wants to move out and find a place of her own.
I'm tired, but I'm going anyway.
The plane will arrive at the airport thirty minutes late.
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.
The patient has been attended carefully by a nurse.
My husband earns $100,000 a year.
My father believed that anyone who could not make a living in Japan was lazy.
Father never goes out with an umbrella without leaving it somewhere.
My father has lived in Nagoya for 30 years.
But my place is like a rabbit hutch.
I have prepared your bath.
A cultural heritage is handed down to posterity.
Up against the wall!
Let's bypass the protection circuit.
My mother insists that I should not go out after dark.
The mother elephant bathes her baby in the river.
When you enter the classroom, you should take off your cap.
He wasn't at home when I called on him.
I plan to go skiing with my girlfriend.
I tried cycling to work for a while but I didn't take to it.
The book was given to him by me.
I'm glad to hear that your sister is out of danger after her operation.
Should it rain tomorrow, the picnic would be canceled.
The main thing that dreams lack is consistency.
Obviously, he is lying.
Come tomorrow morning.
Getting up early tomorrow, you will see the rising sun.
Thursday night is free beer night.
The point is whether she will read my letter or not.
Hills and fields cloaked in spring colors.
I advise you not to borrow money from your friends.
The mailman comes around every three days.
I've nothing to give.
You must make it clear whether you can come.
They sell eggs at the supermarket.
We commended him for his good work.
Both my parents came to see me off at the airport.
Good fruit is scarce in winter, and costs a lot.
Mr Suzuki is a great scientist.
The workers have no incentive to work harder.
Let's leave it at that.
By the age of seven, he had already made his own bow and arrows.
This block of apartments is a building that takes both the environment and health into consideration. From now on we want to further expand this system and knowhow.
Let's have a party with members of the tennis club.
If I'm lucky enough for the medicine to work I can get to sleep after 1am but if I don't take it then I can't sleep until about 4am.
At most 10 people can sit round the table.
He's a classic case that the more ignorant people are the more sure they are that they are correct.
When attaching a polarizing plate, set it first and then attach a protective plate (a clear acrylic plate).
The other day, a water quality inspection was carried out at our house. We had it done by a certain famous company's Environment Analysis Center or some such name.
You can't ask us to believe this.
In the midst of the dollar falling hard against the Yen and other major Eastern currencies the Chinese Yuan, with China effectively taking a 'dollar peg' policy, has become cheap.
Distance per degree of longitude at equator.
New Year shrine visit; which shrines are potent?
2002: President Bush signs the Homeland Security Act and it becomes an official Cabinet agency.
When one goes to the notary public's office, the following are required.
Hold them there! Don't let them into the city!
Thank you for coming!
Maybe I'll just give up soon and take a nap instead.
The thing that most surprised me since coming to Japan is how many vending machines there are.
When will we stop sitting by and watching?
She can't drive a car.
I saw a dog.
Write a paragraph using adjectives to describe the person's appearance.
Put the egg into boiling water.
She testified that she saw the man.
He can read well.
He decided that if God didn't exist then everything was permitted.
It was a mistake for such a young parent to have, and raise a child.
I forgot to bring my health insurance card.
Today, we had two false alarms.
Hello, world!
If you came, that would be great.
Don't just sit there, do something!
I've heard nothing.
You must leave.
They say that he was born in Germany.
Many things happen between the cup and the lip.
She has beautiful eyes.
This mountain is covered in snow all-year-round.
Both of the students passed all their tests.
Is that answer right?
He loves her hair, her smile, her eyes? Wow, he is fucking good at telling lies!
He gave me money and advice.
The active volcano erupts at regular intervals.
She has green eyes and light brown hair.
Come with us.
Can I get a kilo of beef steaks please?
Give me a room near the elevator.
He makes a living as a writer.
I always give something to the beggars.
I'll kill you.
I will buy that dress somehow.
Adrastea is one of the 39 satellites of Jupiter and is the second closest to Jupiter itself.
It's nothing to worry about.
She wasn't happy at hearing the news.
Tom got out of bed every morning at 6 am.
We will terrorize the terrorists.
I'm against that resolution.
Madrid is the capital of Spain.
I wished her a good night.
Jorge can speak four languages.
Tea with ice isn't good without sugar.
The sheet is on the bed.
This is my house in the winter.
Which animal is big?
There's no more salt.
I go to school.
He lost his eyesight in that accident.
In my opinion, staying up late is bad for your health.
The lake is very deep.
The light suddenly went out.
I could swim well even when I was a child.
Please tell me the correct time.
I wish I could speak English half as well as he can.
You must not put on weight.
Me, me, me. Now picture billions of voices screaming that and you got yourself modern civilization.
The majority of Japanese temples are made out of wood.
The pain was terrible.
He had wished her happy holidays.
Nakido is better than Twitter.
You'd better go.
Maybe it's about time I started learning to do programming.
Closing the canteen will have few consequences.
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am.
Nothing special.
If it had been light, I'd have read it.
Christopher Columbus was once quoted as saying that pirates were too "simple-minded". He created the Bermuda Triangle later that year.
I believe this man to be a lost cause.
This desk is a little too low for me.
Measure thrice, cut once.
The books will be shipped out tomorrow before closing.
If he had been a real friend, he wouldn't have betrayed you, now would he?
Canadian Thanksgiving Day and Columbus Day in the USA coincide, so Esperanto speakers from both countries take this opportunity to have an international meeting.
The Devil made me do it.
Germans have no sense of humour? I don't find that funny!
She wore her hair in plaits.
Even though she was very busy, she came to see me off all the same.
I sympathize with my friend who says that she's only an immigrant trying to protect the English language from its native speakers.
A dog that barks all the time doesn't make a good watch dog.
Maybe my grandchild will be the first person to set foot on Mars.
The movie ran for two hours.
Does it happen to no teacher?
Who was that you were with last night?
Eureka!
Do you mean a total nuclear war?
By the age of 25, she had lived in 5 different countries.
His eyes were full of tears.
I got divorced.
She stayed there for a short while.
That is money down the drain.
It's quiet enough to hear a pin drop.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
Don't throw anything on the floor.
I have attached instructions on how to use FTP to access our files.
My dinner just came back up to say hello.
A gentleman is someone who knows how to play the banjo and doesn't.
Could you please speak a little slower?
Today I'm going to a game again, but I need to set off earlier than yesterday.
I didn't win, but at least I got a consolation prize.
How should you advertise on the Internet?
How many people attended the meeting?
He was an Olympic champion in weightlifting.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
The scientists worked on their experiment.
Many people do not trust the government.
The children kicked the dry leaves into the air.
Could you please wait a minute?
I pardoned my friend for his poor manners.
At the end of the party, only two guests remained.
A strange car was parked in front of my house.
Tom said he would write to us.
The weather today is worse than yesterday.
My friend always accuses me of doing wrong things.
Who are the members of the board?
Riding in the car is for kids.
She has invited me to attend her wedding.
I bought the MP3 player.
He adored his school.
Ah, the coffee is really hot!
Stir the soup.
Here's where they usually have dinner.
She loves her puppy, and the puppy is really lovable.
The New Yorker attempts to reïnstate the English dieresis in words like "coöperation," "zoölogical," and "reëntry"—an odd thing to reinstate in this day and age, and hardly in cooperation with most zoology.
In contrast to yesterday, it isn't hot at all today.
These days it's hard to tell the difference between political parties.
How many sacrificial lambs do we need to bring the rain back?
My grandfather amassed a great fortune in the stock market and then lost it all over night.
Is there a television in the house?
The desire is the father of the thought.
I would very much like the place where I live to be less polluted.
Good films broaden our horizons.
Another reason I want to consider is health.
I stopped by a bookstore and bought an interesting book.
I like the sun a lot.
That man is very tanned.
In Chinese, 'dumpling' and 'first exchange' are homophones, so they have a rich cultural association.
I think Beethoven is the greatest composer who ever lived.
Let me leave!
Lojban has incorporated a detailed grammar for mathematical expressions. This grammar parallels the predicate grammar of the non-mathematical language.
Pedro doesn't have a sister.
It's stable because all the roots of this equation are negative.
He has little clotting factor, so even the tiniest paper cut bleeds and bleeds.
It is common for students to go to school without eating breakfast.
This is the best restaurant known to me.
I didn't bring this topic up with her.
If I had to surrender, I'd rather choose death.
Imogen of the Internet, in spite of her American nationality, opened a Mixi account just to show off her ironic purikura album.
They called them scalawags.
They stood calmly and listened to speeches.
They wanted to ban slavery everywhere in the United States.
He said Harrison had only one vote.
He was eighty-two years old and feeling his age.
Many of Pope's men were not prepared for battle.
No one received enough votes to win the nomination.
A large army and navy would be needed.
The organization failed.
The decision was made for him.
Prices went to amazingly low levels.
I have made many sacrifices for my country.
The presidential election of 1876 was very close.
The set of prime numbers is countable.
Trombones: it may be fun to go wild, but try not to blat the notes.
We accept checks.
There is no future without the past.
He cuts down trees in the mountains.
You must stand up for what you believe in or no one will respect you.
The goat Mei, that hurried inside a mountain hut on a stormy night.
Can you make it?
Passportu is a very lucky human.
Never choose a vocation just because it looks easy.
Never mind what she said.
We love eating apples.
Her story turned out to be true.
You should stay in bed with your husband.
Do you travel much?
I can't believe how hard it is to find decent grub around here.
I’ll give you that article.
So, straight on, then right, and then?
Was nothing done about that?
With heads respectfully bowed, they carried the coffin up the steps and into the small chapel.
I do not know any reading more easy, more fascinating, more delightful than a catalogue.
She will be happy to know you want to see her.
Scofield goes to the ceremony as our representative.
I am making too many mistakes.
She advises him on technical matters.
She gave him a piece of paper.
She pointed her finger at him.
She was advised by him to go to the police.
Make ten copies of that document and bring it to conference room number 1.
The transfer student in the other class is a super good-looking guy.
Wow, that's pretty. The sea is shining.
I would rather feed my dog before we eat.
To our surprise, he was good at singing.
Taking a vacation just means you work from somewhere else.
What's your favorite movie with a car chase?
Tell them I've had a wonderful life.
Tell us a cultural experience you have experienced.
When we grow old, we wake up every morning with the feeling that the heater is not turned on.
Have all her friends left her?
If I were really rich, I would never work in a place like this.
We were drenched but very happy.
We get on quite well but we're not best friends.
Does she answer the questions?
Austria's hilly landscapes reminded Mr. Bogart of The Sound of Music.
She got dressed and went outside.
Turns out that the house is infested with Garter snakes. They're everywhere!
I always leave my umbrella on the train.
Tom pleaded guilty to misdemeanor drunken driving charges in New York.
Don't worry. I told you everything would be OK.
I found it necessary to ask for help.
I think there's something wrong with you.
I'm so glad that you asked me to give the opening speech tonight.
It seems like just yesterday that you were here.
Ready or not, the exam begins in ten minutes.
Wait till the guys at work hear that your wife left you for another woman.
Who do you think the murderer is?
You're the only person I know that doesn't like bananas.
I've got a plastic cup.
Let's unfold the map on the table and discuss it.
Football is my favorite sport.
It's not right for you to do something bad just because someone else has done something bad.
I speak a little Slovenian.
In the end he achieved his objective.
Corporate America is back.
I haven't met with Tom recently.
Five plus two equals seven.
Have you got needle and thread?
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural foolishness.
Tom's death came as a surprise.
Tom used to live deep in the jungle.
Tom said he was willing to help us out.
Tom may have been there. I don't know.
Tom just barely earns enough to live on.
Tom is suffering from a cold.
Tom is eager to live in Boston.
Tom has waited for three hours.
Tom has a tattoo on his left arm.
Tom got lost in Boston.
Tom eats like a pig.
Tom doesn't like cheese very much.
Tom died in his sleep.
Tom didn't agree to do it.
Tom concealed the fact that he had been in prison.
Tom can reach me at this number any time of day.
Tom ate too much cotton candy.
Tom abstained from voting.
I wonder if we'll have enough money to buy Tom the painting he wanted.
Are you seriously thinking about giving Tom your computer?
Tom used to be married to Mary.
Tom should know better than to ask Mary for a loan.
Tom only had a dim recollection of what Mary looked like.
Tom kept Mary waiting for three hours.
Tom hired Mary as an interpreter.
Tom got very angry at Mary.
Tom doesn't quite agree with Mary.
Tom didn't want to disappoint Mary.
Tom could hardly keep from laughing when he saw Mary trying to juggle some balls.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted.
Tom and Mary had a good time together.
Now that Tom and Mary have broken up, it's probably OK to ask her out on a date.
He's bulked up quite a bit since he's been going to the gym.
If a brain can do it, a computer can do it.
Tom wanted desperately to believe what Mary said was true.
Do you know anything about Tom?
The woman precisely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
Don't worry, everyone makes mistakes.
I plan to go to the movies.
Can't you move faster?
There's hardly any coffee left in the pot.
Everybody except Joe went to the party.
He can't help you.
The singer was killed by wild coyotes.
Finally, I found a job.
You disappoint me.
Tom won't be in for a few weeks.
Tom was able to buy what he needed at a convenience store.
Tom took the seat across from Mary.
Tom swept the kitchen floor while Mary washed the dishes.
Tom said that he didn't want to live alone.
Tom lost his sense of smell.
Tom is really in love with Mary.
Tom has never kissed Mary.
Tom had lamb chops, potatoes and mushroom soup for dinner.
Tom found out later that the woman he met in the park was Mary.
Tom doesn't wear pajamas. He sleeps in the nude.
Tom doesn't know what I'm going to do.
Tom didn't think that would ever happen.
Tom did the laundry before lunch.
Tom couldn't understand what Mary was trying to say.
Tom complained that his back hurt.
Tom certainly is an eloquent speaker.
Tom can take care of that.
Tom asked the waitress for the wine list.
Tom agreed to help Mary clean the kitchen.
I asked Tom to make sure that he didn't show up late.
I wish I had a reason not to stay.
Do you like Korean food?
Last century they would have just thrown someone like Tom into a lunatic asylum.
Have there been many outbreaks of the measles?
Don't you add some sugar?
Tom told Mary that he didn't want to hear any more talk about aliens.
I'm getting a bad feeling.
We don't know who killed him yet.
We're in a library.
Phone for you.
The mail can't be delivered.
I'm not sure why Tom said those things, but I bet he now wishes he hadn't.
You'll stay in my hotel.
Why are you saying goodbye?
I can't believe you quit playing harp.
I believe that we do not need to limit these suffixes now.
When we are very sad, we will cry.
I think my girlfriend is kind of cute.
Do you have any idea when those pictures might've been taken?
Tom was deeply moved by what Mary said.
Tom sounded surprised.
The rain has cleared up in the city.
I need to search for my pen.
He has found a way, right?
Do not forget!
Are there any religions that don't permit organ donation?
Tom reserved a seat.
Tom knows how to get there.
The spies poisoned the count.
Any homogeneous cycle has a period and a frequency.
The towel wasn't at all useful.
My name is Tom.
One who has no goals in life, lives only to die.
Tom invited Mary out to lunch.
Hello everybody!
What's it called?
I understand Japanese a little.
Are you Tim Norton by any chance?
Ask for what you want.
I may have to wake up earlier than planned to watch it or I won't get a chance until next Wednesday.
The elderly have many stories to tell.
Do you want to see it?
I'm usually not scared by movies, but this one got to me.
We have overcome the first obstacle with sorrow and distress.
How far is Liverpool from Southampton?
A Mr. Brown wants you on the phone.
We can't eat on such a dirty table!
She doesn't exist.
Mrs and Mr Kent preferred to go to the mountains last summer.
I am thankful for veterans.
The cops threw tear-gas bombs into the building.
A bull with short trousers has escaped accused of stealing.
Did you hear that a burglar broke into the neighbor's house?
The translation was made in favour of readability and literary style, as opposed to a more faithful one for the Russophonic readers' understanding.
Is it OK if I drink alcohol?
It was as hard as rock.
There are four trash cans in the school: one for paper, one for plastic, and two more for glass and metal.
She is rich, certainly, but I don't think she's very smart.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary, but he didn't have the nerve to try.
Have you read "Structure and Power - Beyond Semiotics" by Akira Asada?
She said everything will be over between us.
Dick was involved in a traffic accident.
How's that business going?
I had barely got in the house when the phone rang.
I'll never again let such a thing happen.
She talked to the chairperson.
Mary is staying up late this week to prepare for her finals.
That shirt is too large for me.
Have you come to file a damage report?
All those books are mine.
I'm a student in a university.
Who bought you this dress?
There's only one way to find out.
Would you please tell me how to spell that word?
As for me, I don't like eggs.
Mark and Paul are my friends: one is a doctor and the other is a cobbler.
We weren't told where he came from.
Let's move!
The United States fancies itself the world's freest nation.
None of the girls in my class are prettier than Linda.
I can't talk, I'm on a mission.
Because I admired his courage, I trusted him.
What you have to do tomorrow - do today; what you have to eat today - eat tomorrow.
Sometimes, knowing the truth hurts a lot.
Those who live by the sword die by the sword.
What jobs have you had?
The butterfly landed on the hand.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to have a threesome.
I've never tried Chinese food.
Mary doesn't have time to do the laundry.
Mary saw Tom and Conchita holding hands.
Tom's native language is English.
One of these kids knows it.
There are people who seldom speak unless they're spoken to.
The weather is fine today!
Living in Japan is very expensive.
My father has recently returned to Japan.
She went into the kitchen to see who was there, but there was nobody there.
As soon as he got off the train, he was met by his cousin.
I took the elevator down.
I still haven't received your e-mail. Maybe you wrote down my e-mail address wrongly?
There are no tables in the room.
She was a Smith before she got married.
What should we do if he comes late?
Being Colombian is the best.
There were no radios in those days.
I want them alive.
I went out even though it was raining.
You must meet with him.
He believes that humans are machine-animals.
Typically, a space station serviced a locale at least several light-years radially.
I've had my driving license confiscated.
Both brothers said that they couldn't support both a wife and an airplane, so they spent their lives as bachelors.
It's the ultimate test.
He apologized to us for being late.
All hell broke loose.
They're just rich kids.
I think that this is a sunny spot.
Now I can recall!
I don't want to know about it.
Everyone needs to find their own path.
Tom spied on his roommate.
Who told you that I was sick?
It started to rain in torrents.
Our school is near a park.
The Senate made a decision.
How many books do you think you've read so far?
Once social change begins it can not be reversed. You can not un-educate the person who has learned to read. You can not humiliate the person who feels pride. You can not oppress the people who are not afraid anymore.
Mary showed her breasts.
I don't like this teacher; he always ignores my questions.
Go on like this!
Tom made a good putt.
That technology is an incredible thing!
He doesn't have his ideas clear.
Tom is intellectually lazy.
I haven't seen you for so long!
It's bucketing down.
My own mind is my own church.
I'm getting dressed right after I eat breakfast.
Freedom. On my school notebooks. On my school desk and the trees. On the sand of the snow. I write your name.
I told you to leave me alone.
How it ended up here is impossible to know for sure.
Let us never speak of it again.
That sounds like our tugboat horn.
Tom caught Mary sneaking out of the house.
Tom and Mary had consensual sex.
Do you have nothing to say?
Scientists continue to discover new medicines, so there is always hope for people who are in comas.
Look at the woman over there!
Mary looks to you with a wry, respectful smile.
Let's try to do something.
Why are you disliked here?
Everyone in my family is happy.
Women feel that men are often very complicated.
He has large blue eyes.
All efforts have been unavailing.
He worked as a diplomat for many years.
He did the work in two days.
Mary is smart and funny.
It used to be nearly impossible.
It's illegal to walk on the grass, but what about running?
Don't wait for me. "I wasn't going to wait for you."
Even though we lost the game, I have to say that we played better football.
I have done everything I was supposed to do.
They did not listen.
In a general manner, one can say that the learning method suited for a particular student is not suited for another student, in such a way that the efficiency of the learning method relies mostly on the modification of the ranking of the students.
This winter we experienced many rainstorms.
Titan's surface gravity is 0.14 g.
Tom and Mary get along very well.
Don't try to fool me.
They went to Italy for their honeymoon.
He looked into the sky and at the stars.
How did you get this money?
There's a cat on the table.
There are a lot of books in our school's library.
Outside the mainstream of orthodox Judaism, apocalypticism was more successful with certain movements.
The little girl is peeing.
We were saved by the bell.
She should be frozen!
She's too loud.
This is the first time I've ever shot with a rifle.
She likes to dress up as a police officer.
The wounds are healing.
I cannot pull Taninna's hair. She's much taller than me.
I got one!
I just got a good idea.
What time do you want me to be here?
We are alluding to war.
They haven't changed their mind.
I got home, took my shoes off and went to bed.
Have your ever followed the White Rabbit to its hole?
I wish there were more Native American languages in the Tatoeba Corpus.
First, I want to eat a little bit of cake.
This story does not make sense!
Have you ever travelled by plane?
Who are you rooting for?
She's a nymphomaniac.
I can teach you how to repair a computer.
It took me several hours to sew it.
Don't let him follow me.
Mary hasn't heated up her Mercedes yet.
I have to jump off here.
Call me one of these days.
When was the last time you ironed your clothes?
Have a safe journey.
For the darkness has passed, and the legend yet grows.
All of Tom's sentences are short.
It will not happen again.
This pencil is not gray.
Sorry for not answering your question. I didn't see it.
We had dinner at a restaurant with the manager.
I have heard the mermaids singing, each to each. I do not think that they will sing to me.
He was indeed very stubborn but, on the other hand, trustworthy.
I understand your concern.
When I was young, I would play near that river.
Fear drives him, he plucks up courage and throws himself into the roaring waves; his powerful arms cut through the flow, and his God feels pity.
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.
This is where the fun begins.
What is negative right and positive right?
Your logic can't be faulted.
He is very smart and yet not arrogant.
That's my girl.
If I do this, will it be viewed by others in a negative way?
There is no polluted air in our city.
This bird is called a seagull.
Why don't you mind your own business?
Everything has two sides: the good side and the bad side. Unfortunately, we usually see only one of them.
She's a smart and independent girl.
You want to be a lawyer.
She prayed that her father would forgive her.
In spring, the days become longer.
She competed in the Paralympic Games.
What have you eaten today?
She's just not the person I thought she was.
No one will remember your own memories.
To put everything in balance is good, to put everything in harmony is better.
What do you think, Tom?
Tom was trying to control his own violent temper.
Let's take the short cut.
Come down here.
Tom has some food allergies, so he has to be careful about what he eats.
It's the cops!
Could you just please answer the question? We don't have all day.
I want to buy my girlfriend a present.
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates and one long-stemmed rose for her birthday. "That's really sweet."
Don't get too comfortable.
Just stay out of my suitcase.
Her parents love me.
Tom will be there.
Tom sent Mary a birthday card.
Tom just showed up.
Tom got out of bed and got dressed.
She is meditating.
That changes nothing.
Why don't you answer?
The church was built in the fifteenth century.
Tom looked upset.
I am pleased to meet you.
Where did you sew them?
Tom thought he was going to be all alone.
Where did you pinch them?
Does it really matter?
Did anybody get hurt?
Would you excuse me a moment?
Where did you get that?
Was Tom murdered?
I can't do this anymore.
I gave Tom no choice.
I know you didn't want Tom to wear your clothes, but his were all wet.
I think Mary likes me.
I was in a hurry.
She's not breaking the law.
I'm not a beggar.
What size helmet do you need?
We want Tom to stay for a couple of more days.
We don't believe that Tom did what Mary said he did.
Let's get a cab.
You should've paid your bills on time.
If Tom finds out what Mary did, he won't be happy.
What surprises me is that they can actually sell that product for so much money.
Thanks for picking me up.
All you have to do is read these two pages.
Yesterday I was told I looked like Kohei Tanaka.
The way of the superior man is threefold, but I am not equal to it. Virtuous, he is free from anxieties; wise, he is free from perplexities; bold, he is free from fear.
During the entire lesson, he counted flies.
I see a crown.
Let's finish the job.
This looks like a gunshot wound.
It's just one of those annoying buzzwords.
I appreciate your telling me this face-to-face.
What's wrong with my manners?
The vehicle is so deformed that the fire department needs to cut off the roof.
I'd like to find somebody to take care of my children.
I thought Tom would work on the plumbing.
Dance with me. "I thought you'd never ask."
It's important that you hear this.
We can't afford to be choosy now.
I can't believe Tom hasn't called.
You can't deny that Tom is charming.
I can't get this old TV to work.
We can't just leave Tom behind.
I can't let anyone stop me.
You can't really expect me to do your homework for you.
They can't stop you.
I can't work with Tom.
Are you still there?
I thought I had all the answers.
I thought the show was excellent.
I thought you might be lonely, so I came over with a bottle of wine.
I thought you'd gone to Boston.
What I write is not English.
I still have friends in high places.
I should have listened to Tom.
That was actually really fun.
I like to answer these kind of questions.
Tom always said he wanted to learn how to play mahjong.
I'll teach Esperanto in my country.
I don't have time to read books.
Smoking is now prohibited on all domestic flights.
People go to the polls to vote.
The coast is clear.
That's a delicious-looking fish.
Let's put this in the top dresser drawer.
Let's hope Tom doesn't come.
Let's cut to the chase.
Let's set a date.
We try our best.
I want to see this.
Where do you want me?
We don't want you here.
I don't want to lose you.
I wanted your cooperation.
Tom wants you to kill Mary.
Tom wants his umbrella back.
I'd like to solve the puzzle.
I'd like to buy this computer.
I want your complaining to end.
Let me know what you want to do.
Tom and Mary wanted an adventure.
So, what is it you want me to say?
Tom doesn't want to live like that.
I'd like you to come back next week.
Why do you have such a restricted imagination?
As you contribute more sentences to the Tatoeba Corpus in your native language, the percentage of sentences in your native language with errors will likely decrease.
Why would somebody want to live there?
I don't want you to feel like prisoners.
What we want to do next is add some salt.
There's something I want you to do for me.
We haven't got much time.
Are you sure you don't want to go to the doctor?
Tom asked me questions I didn't want to answer.
I don't want to name names.
I just want you to know I'm sorry.
I don't want to be stuck in an office all day.
If you don't want us to get in Tom's way, we won't.
I'm watching TV.
The flag is raised.
The air is soft, and the soil is moist.
I just want to be able to visit my children whenever I want to.
The motion was approved unanimously.
Tom is not at all happy.
I'm happy to hear you say that.
I'm happy to sit out here and chat with you.
It's a beautiful night, isn't it?
You seem pretty busy here.
You seem to have already made up your mind.
We should've planned more carefully.
You shouldn't play with knives.
It took me nearly two hours to write the essay.
Terroristic actions happened in Sri Lanka.
Even Tom couldn't blame Mary for everything.
When it came time to jump out of that airplane I was terrified. My heart was in my mouth.
I've got to check something out.
In Sweden it is more common for a child to have three first names than one, but here, at home, this is a more unusual phenomenon.
Here's something interesting.
Tom was just about to say something when Mary walked into the room.
Fluence is the time integral of flux.
Has anyone here in the classroom heard about Norman Finkelstein?
A tent with a floor and a zipper is bug tight.
No one lives here.
Tom doesn't usually trust anyone.
La, la, la, I'm not listening.
Everyone waited.
I'm happy now that you've arrived.
The Bering Strait separates Asia from North America.
We're journalists.
Tom's thirty.
They're useless.
That's ironic.
Leave tomorrow.
Get upstairs.
I've got a bad heart: coronary artery disease.
It remains to be seen if I can get there in time.
All the rooms are taken.
The cathedral dominates the cityscape.
Your country is amazing!
I regret that I didn't go there.
India is poised to surpass China and become the world's most populous country.
My father, grandfather, great-grandfather and great-great-grandfather all had the same name as I have.
Person of the future: "The calendar of this Unix machine that the ancients built only goes up to January 19, 2038. As such, I am convinced that this marks the day of the Earth's destruction."
She moved out of her parents' house.
Go ahead! Don't be shy!
If you're seeking information about the Esperanto movement in Indonesia, please visit the webpage.
I hope that you are not angry.
I always lock my room.
Please tell me you're kidding.
This is not funny!
Eero always walks bare-headed.
I am so stoned.
This makes me so sad.
Nothing is free.
What did I do wrong?
We're confused.
Tom is forgiven.
Tom is methodical.
You're responsible.
You're unbelievable.
We'll go.
We'll work.
They're there alone.
I don't want to face that alone.
It might be very hard for me to be alone right now.
Why don't you folks make yourselves comfortable?
Why don't you sit and have a drink with me?
I don't remember that at all.
Tom will find us.
You're mad.
You're making progress.
You're spoiling me.
I brought one just in case.
Belarus has been described by former US secretary of state Condoleezza Rice as "the last remaining true dictatorship in the heart of Europe".
Hey, what's up?
This is a question of conscience.
What's their story?
Hold Tom down.
That's Tom's apartment.
Tom deserves that.
Tom is glum.
Tom is unnerved.
Tom knocked loudly.
Tom looks unsure.
Tom restrained himself.
Tom sounds angry.
He made fun of my accent.
Tom was mistaken.
Tom's doorbell rang.
We're extremely happy.
We're halfway there.
We don't lie.
We were rebels.
I'll fix it now.
They have weapons.
They were amazing.
They're not similar.
Isn't Tom marvelous?
Be there tonight.
Does that matter?
Get to bed.
I don't gamble.
I love chili.
The defendant has no prior convictions.
I wasn't informed.
I'll make popcorn.
I'm handling this.
I'm so mad.
Is it good?
It might help.
It'll rain soon.
It's quite nice.
Just call me.
No one's convinced.
Please speak up.
Thanks a heap.
That was impressive.
That's our problem.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are now ready to begin the voir dire.
They felt menaced.
The whole family frowned on the match.
Turn that up.
Were you surprised?
Everything goes wrong when I leave.
You look older.
You will obey.
The letter was written by hand.
At the present time, he's in Boston.
He was the most famous writer of his day.
It's a well-to-do family.
The third act is about to begin.
When I told him that, he got furious.
There are only 28 days in February.
His name isn't Tom.
It's what Tom had.
Tom is a terrible singer.
I wasn't a bit affected by the news of his death.
Count your change.
Hand me the letter.
I am not myself anymore. I've become a laughable caricature of my deepest self.
If we walk, we'll be very late.
Skincare is important.
The ground was very uneven.
These small letters can only be read with a magnifying glass.
It doesn't sound very appetizing.
Don't come in here.
You can cash your check at this window.
I don't doubt it.
Just don't leave me.
Tom doesn't seem upset.
Tom is a hoot.
Tom is collecting things.
Tom is looking around.
Tom is the killer.
We don't like it.
You're going to laugh.
Don't try to trick me.
I didn't get it right.
I don't have the key.
I don't understand what happened.
I won't be needing it.
She removed her sunglasses.
This just doesn't make sense.
I have to run.
He wants to sing old songs.
Why doesn't he subpoena them?
The children's room is a mess.
A church is a place to pray.
You knew Tom when he was a kid, didn't you?
Don't tell me you stole it.
I didn't mean to bother you.
I agreed to split the money with Tom.
What's going on with kids these days?
Tell me something that I don't know.
He's driving me crazy.
He wants to learn without studying.
I can eat it in here.
I can still see you.
I can't believe you lied to me.
When are you getting off work?
I carried Tom down two flights of stairs.
I could try to get Tom to stop doing that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't a very good cook.
I came all this way. You could at least listen to what I have to say.
I didn't know Tom could play the trombone so well.
I don't care if people think I'm weird.
What would you want to eat?
Tom is my younger brother.
I don't like the way Tom is acting.
I don't think there's anything to worry about.
I doubt Tom is really a doctor.
I feel very comfortable with you.
I found Tom quite amusing.
I got bad news from home today.
She has no understanding of money.
I had the chance to buy that, but I decided not to.
Pasta is high in carbohydrates.
I hate to run the risk, but I have no choice.
He implored her to come back.
By supplying an efficiently designed economy, everyone can enjoy a very high standard of living with all of the amenities of a high technological society.
I stepped aside so he could pass.
He got eight hours of uninterrupted sleep.
I have a delivery for you.
I've already heard enough.
I've been expecting you.
I've been trying to call you all night.
I've enjoyed my stay.
I've got plenty to do.
I've just seen the results.
I've never seen one like that.
I haven't seen Tom since I was thirteen.
I have to get some money.
I have work for Tom.
I hope nothing's wrong.
I definitely don't want to get married before I'm thirty.
I don't know who to trust.
I don't think Tom was lying.
I should get packed.
I'm not scared of dying.
I just downloaded a lot of files.
An arrow pierced his liver.
My jeans won't fit. Did they shrink?
I just said what everyone else was thinking.
I just wanted to thank you.
I knew Tom would say no.
I know French.
I know my keys are here somewhere.
I know what it looks like.
I know who stole your diary.
I know you're pretty interested in Tom.
I like Tom already.
I made a deal with Tom.
I met Tom and Mary just the other day.
I need an ambulance.
I need to know what happened to Tom.
I never deceived you.
I'm sticking my leg out.
I ran into Tom yesterday.
My glass is empty.
Anyway, you don't have to worry.
I think we should break up.
John likes to hog all the attention.
Tom came into the room a few minutes after Mary.
Tom's grades didn't improve.
Wait for the light to become green to cross.
I saved Tom's life.
I see you've been shopping again.
I shouldn't be too late.
I strongly advise you to reconsider.
I take it you're not married.
I think I'll always love Mary.
I think Tom already knows.
I think we need to find out who Tom plans to give that to.
He asked us to be quiet.
Tom and Mary sat on the couch together.
After Tom broke up with Mary, he started dating Alice.
We speak French at home.
I only need a moment to get ready.
My driving instructor says that I need to be more patient.
Marie gained weight.
The garden was full of purple lilies.
I'm sorry to put you through that.
Tom goes out drinking every evening.
Tom and Mary don't really speak French very well.
I think French grammar is difficult.
I prefer to write in French.
We want to rent an apartment in the city.
One-one, this is one-two. Say again, you're coming in broken. Over.
I think you'd better stick with Tom.
He's wearing a sleeveless shirt and a trucker hat.
Haven't you begun yet?
Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep.
Tom grimaced.
She's interested in fashion.
I couldn't see what she was wearing, but I knew it was something cute.
I have nothing else in the world.
I eat meat.
You see that you don't have an exam for a couple of days.
The law has been changed.
Did you meet Marika before or after you went to the army?
I picked him up at school.
Does anyone among you know Tom?
You can easily score a MILF in this club.
I have to sell all today.
Come back down to earth, she whispered into his ear.
She's not much younger than me.
He's tall and athletic.
I love the way you sing.
That bed is very comfortable.
We need one more volunteer to go on a mission to rescue Tom.
The traffic was lighter than we expected, so we got here a bit earlier than we expected to.
Tom asked Mary to remind him to call John in the morning.
The house where I grew up didn't have running water.
I'm going to go on the blind date Friday evening.
You were thinking the same thing, weren't you?
Would you mind waiting outside for a minute?
I'm going to be here for a couple of hours.
I was late because I got stuck in traffic.
Tom tried to explain everything to Mary.
Tom won't be going to school next week.
I feel like we shouldn't be doing this.
I'll park the car and meet you inside.
I'm sure Tom will turn up eventually.
We'll worry about the details later.
I wouldn't have done the same thing.
The wall was splattered with blood.
I was talking to Tom the other day.
Tom and Mary are in the cafeteria.
I wish it weren't true, but it is.
Tom eats breakfast every morning.
I'd never do something like that.
Tom opened the medicine cabinet.
I'm afraid of what Tom might do.
Why do you think Tom said that?
I'm pleased to hear you say so.
I wish I could get out of here.
Tom pointed down at his shoes.
I'm in enough trouble already.
I was home-schooled by my mom.
Tom is also a very good cook.
I'm glad things went so well.
I thought you said something.
Tom asked for Mary's advice.
I'm afraid Tom had to leave.
I thought you were a doctor.
Tom became even more upset.
I'm calling from my mobile.
I thought you were a ghost.
Tom appears to be winning.
I'm as shocked as you are.
I don't want to live here.
Tom called the neighbors.
I'm going to cook dinner.
I thought Tom had a shot.
Tom got tired very fast.
I'm glad you were right.
I thought Tom was funny.
Tom is too old to work.
I'm going to head home.
I used to work for Tom.
Tom is about to speak.
I'm going to go shave.
I know where you were.
Tom gave Mary a hand.
I'll tell Tom myself.
Why is the bus late?
I'm sure about that.
I want some popcorn.
Tom has a fast car.
I'll be in the lab.
Tom has oily skin.
We're a bit late.
You're rambling.
Tom was amused.
You cheated.
She loves me.
I will need some help.
Be sure to dot your 'i's and cross your 't's.
It's one of the most beautiful cities in the world.
They are men who would live off of selling their own shadows.
He's smart, cool and attractive.
Tom switched off his walkie-talkie.
You're not impressing me.
You absolutely must watch it.
Reading, in itself, was not a crime, but because of its solitary nature, it raised suspicion that one might formulate unapproved opinions.
I've come to save her.
I will return to Australia the day after tomorrow.
Tom won the International Chopin Piano Competition.
Even children can understand this book.
Commencement is typically the first or second Saturday in April.
I need to write an article on Japan's economy.
Tom has lunch every day at noon.
You don't understand English at all.
When I saw his face, I was instantly on red alert.
It should be revoked immediately.
Tom's got an analytical mind.
Okay, let's wait a little longer.
We only speak Spanish at home.
He lives in a dry county.
Tom remained in the car while Mary went into the supermarket.
Have you ever seen people actually go into that cave?
Tom and Mary told us they wouldn't fight anymore.
Tom knows I want to leave as soon as possible.
It's not a good idea to pick up hitchhikers.
I was surprised Tom wasn't here yesterday.
Tom and Mary were sitting on the ground.
Tom was throwing rocks into the water.
Tom sat down on one of the barstools.
Tom found the experience terrifying.
Tom deserves to know what happened.
Tom is no longer with the company.
Tom says he feels sorry for Mary.
We don't want anything from you.
I know how difficult Tom can be.
Tom doesn't think Mary is busy.
Tom says he doesn't know Mary.
You were my best friend, Tom.
Tom didn't like me very much.
We know so little about Tom.
Tom and Mary are my cousins.
Tom watched from his porch.
Thank you for your honesty.
Tom will believe anything.
Tom and I'll wait for you.
Where is your compassion?
Tom kissed Mary tenderly.
How're you doing at home?
Tom took off after Mary.
Some of us have to work.
We're on the same side.
Tom is getting angrier.
Excuse us for a second.
Tom was quite nervous.
Tom and Mary embraced.
You said so yourself.
Tom seems pretty bad.
They all looked busy.
Why are we stopping?
Tom likes that idea.
Is that OK with you?
Tom turned the key.
Luckily, it worked.
Watch your tongue.
My legs are tired.
Tom needs to eat.
You need to sit.
Were they here?
Tom doesn't know the first thing about bowling.
He wrote example sentences all night.
How can we ask for humans to respect nature, the planet and the animals if respect between them does not exist?
I found this test difficult.
It has been easier and safer to meet someone on the Internet than in person.
Laurie broke the glass.
Only one who lives here, knows the coldness.
Tom won't have any problem getting the report finished on time.
There's just one problem with this arrangement.
Have you had problems with anyone lately?
It isn't me Tom has a problem with.
That's a very complex problem.
Tom, what's your problem?
Tom is still lamenting the death of his dog.
So as to avoid being late, we went by car.
You didn't trust me.
I made too many cookies, so won't you take some?
I've been on my feet for three days.
If you feel a tremor near the coast, evacuate immediately to high ground or another safe location.
Is he here yet?
He used a weed eater to cut the grass near the fence.
I don't want to complain, but it's two o'clock and we still have to eat.
There have been many attacks by molesters lately. Please try to walk on bright and well-frequented roads as much as possible.
It's all about prioritizing risks.
This makes me feel old.
It's debatable.
His car was blue and hers was red.
I want to love you forever!
Do you think I'd be stupid enough to come here without a weapon?
I'll pay you back the money I owe you next week.
Tom seems to want something from you.
Tom tried to sing Mary to sleep.
It's no use trying to escape.
I'm never free on Mondays.
You really are a jerk.
That's not safe.
He had to look after Mary.
Tom should've protected Mary.
I've never seen someone have such a good life, despite all the struggles he had.
I'm going right now.
I am seeking a job.
Tom is a very secretive person.
He married her in secret.
He suffers from chronic overestimation of himself. Wherever he goes, he thinks no one can hold a candle to him.
They organized their CDs by artist.
You like reading English literature, don't you?
Ignorance has no limits.
How much interest does it pay?
We caught the ball.
This was not a joke.
Tom's smarter than we are.
The children are having a snack on the patio.
He felt free as a bird half a year ago.
The player attacked the referee.
Tom has never given Mary any jewelry.
I like candy, too.
I don't hate children!
Maria has a cut on the palm of her hand. They say she got it peeling potatoes, but I don't buy that.
And now what?
I've spent a lot.
Unfortunately, the food supplies ran out before the end of winter.
Have you ever had a wet dream?
The better cooked the meat is, the quicker its digestion.
Tom spoke loud enough to be heard in the other room.
I suggest he follows my advice.
I sleep while standing.
Tom is always hot.
Have you got yourself a ticket yet? "No, have you?"
I hate carrots even more than I hate onions.
The universe hates me.
Now you've got me all mixed up.
The sentence counts on this page have been updated.
I need a massage.
Please let me have my bill.
Yesterday the club elected its officers.
You'll see the children selling Arabian jasmines on the streets.
Who usually sits on the bench of disgrace?
Say nothing but good things about the dead.
Do you like mine?
Don't stumble over the rock.
I'm having a hard time understanding you.
Tom will join us shortly.
Tom reeked of alcohol.
He failed the exam because he didn't study.
Do you like tofu?
I had an anxiety attack.
If everyone agrees to it, I won't vote against it.
Tom and Mary plan to attend several Halloween parties.
We'll have to pick the lock to get into the house.
Tom hired a private detective to follow Mary.
Tom won't tell me what happened.
Tom said he would help me.
Fill out this form.
Are you tolerant towards ethnic minorities?
The baby can't speak.
I can change language and speak in English or German.
They were all looking for the missing child.
I'll try to solve the problem by all means.
When Tom saw me, he ran away.
I doubt, because I think that the future will know better.
This translation is not worth a red cent.
He'll take an afternoon nap.
I'll spend a few days with you.
Can you do it or not?
He misled you.
Tell me the reason why Tom was fired.
She says that she loves flowers.
He noticed that.
You're holding it, aren't you?
He likes snow.
I approve of her plan.
You warned us.
He has got it.
They have rings.
Mary loves chili.
Dude, you should see this.
What would you suggest that I get Tom for his birthday?
She ignored Tom.
Let Tom do all the talking.
I borrowed one.
I rode one.
She joined a group.
It's not quite normal.
Tom has a posterior hip dislocation.
Now the floor is mine.
This will have to wait.
My kid will come from school in an hour.
Give us some space.
You're such a gossip.
I assure you that I'm completely content with my own brain.
Where can I get my suit pressed?
Did someone say my name?
Have you got something for me?
Is that all Tom does?
It's one of our rules.
See what you can do with it.
That's exactly what I need.
This is going to take some time to explain.
We'll protect each other.
What time did you get in?
Where would Tom go now?
However much you try to dress it up, office work can be quite tedious.
Tell him that I want to see the telegram that he sent.
Tom's hesitating.
The fluorescent light was faulty and flickered on and off intermittently.
Receive a cure from a doctor, knowledge from a wise man.
The name of the game is "Find ten differences".
How much money did Tom promise you?
How many times have I told you guys to stay out of my room?
You called your son Tom.
Why are you staring at me, demon?
One must not confuse "must not" with "need not".
This is not the America I want for my children.
Tom gave me a dozen cookies in a plastic bag.
What can you lose by showing yourself to others? "My advantage over them."
This sewage outlet is no longer in use.
The horse is thirsty.
What's the minimum salary in Ukraine?
I fought against the exploitation of the people.
The modern world isn't governed by people, but by ideas.
Tom and Mary both studied French at the same university in Boston.
Have you ever heard the story of the boy who cried wolf?
Both Tom and Mary can swim quite well.
Does Tom swim often?
I don't think that Tom will help us.
I heard that Tom is in the hospital.
I spend a lot of time with Tom.
I was wondering if you would go to the prom with me.
I'm not the only one who doesn't know where Tom lives.
It just made sense.
On the table, there was a plate with three fried eggs on it.
We discussed it plenty of times.
We started celebrating as soon as Tom showed up.
What did you just do?
You don't have any real friends, do you?
You probably want more money, don't you?
You're an excellent cook.
Tom accepted the job.
Tom and I often eat together.
Tom and Mary were angry at each other.
Tom asked the janitor to open the door to the auditorium.
Tom can't run very fast.
Tom didn't actually see what happened.
Tom doesn't have to go to school tomorrow.
Tom had trouble concentrating.
Tom is angry because Mary borrowed his laptop without asking.
Tom is still sleepy.
Tom lied about his weight.
Tom picked up the baby and she immediately stopped crying.
Tom reached out for the knife.
Tom screamed in terror.
Tom tasted the stew.
Tom wants to know how he can gain weight.
Tom was very proud of you.
Tom gave the report in person.
Give me a reading on that meter near the boiler.
We should try that new restaurant downtown.
To my surprise, since Tatoeba has been back up, nobody has made any corrections to my sentences. Either my English has rapidly improved and I now produce good sentences only, which is way doubtful, or the users have simply decided to leave me alone and let me write whatever comes to my mind.
A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it.
The United States is the only highly developed nation that does not require employers to provide paid vacation time.
I just took a shit.
He is young and ambitious.
A woman was arrested yesterday for leaving a baby unattended in her car in searing heat.
Siberia is one of the earth's "green lungs".
Egging is a form of vandalism.
They rushed through their work.
Tom started to get hungry.
Tom never discusses his work with Mary.
Are you sure we have enough money to buy everything?
Tom was sleeping rough for a while after being evicted from his apartment.
I didn't remember this!
Can't someone else do this?
That's what you were thinking, right? "No, not at all!"
What makes you think Tom won't help us?
Who is she and what's her name?
Let's check the map.
Tom didn't write Mary back.
Tom likes to drink chilled water in hot weather, while Mary prefers hers at room temperature.
Tom is slow to anger.
As soon as Tom closed the front door behind him, he realised that his house keys were on the bench inside his apartment.
Tom walked over to Mary's desk.
Tom knew Mary was being sarcastic.
Tom hasn't slept all night.
Tom could've taken the money.
Is this your first visit to Boston?
I intend to stay in Boston for three days.
Tom will make fewer mistakes once he gets to know the ropes.
I will drink a coffee and expose myself to the wind to fight drowsiness.
What did you say? I'm sorry, I was lost in thought.
Why should I talk in Portuguese if this is an English class?
You gave me quite a start.
This message is for Tom.
You're young. You have your whole life ahead of you.
Tom lives alone in a big house.
Tom was sad when his country's team was eliminated from the tournament.
Is that the way you've been taught to handle tools?
Tom pulled some bills from his wallet.
Tom was beginning to sweat profusely.
Tom's obviously under a lot of stress.
Do not disturb, I'm playing videogames.
Well, then, if you want me to, I'll do it.
Apply this cream to your face.
You swim very quickly.
Bypassing this obstacle, you find your way again.
He looked at the picture.
Mystery creates wonder and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand.
I am planning to book my flights to Berlin soon after.
A parking lot attendant waved Tom into a space.
Mary is a local girl who made it big.
Were you tired?
Bill Gates is the world's richest man.
We sometimes see airplanes flying over our farm.
Don't worry. There'll be plenty to go around.
This is illegal, you know. "What?" "Your Majesty, copyright says you cannot use this music! ...See, what did I tell you?"
Why should I care about this?
Tom, you're super cute, but you're also stupid.
I wish you'd stop calling me so late at night.
Don't you have someplace else you need to be?
I heard you sing.
An operation that goes smoothly is a reason to celebrate.
Tom looked a little uncomfortable.
I believe you're trying to take advantage of me.
Don't bite off more than you can handle.
It looks like you went for a swim.
We had a good time together.
Who is this young man?
What do you suggest I do?
So how did this happen?
Why don't you ask Tom what he thinks happened?
Things were happening fast.
How do you do it exactly?
Why does this happen so often?
Despite what's happened, I still like Tom.
I didn't mean to insult you.
I didn't think it'd happen this quickly.
That won't happen for another three years or so.
Is this program compatible with Windows XP?
Tom wanted to ask a question, so he raised his hand.
Public speaking is considered to be the world's number one fear.
I shaved and cut myself.
Do you want to go somewhere?
That was her plan all along.
I think we can make it to Boston in about three hours.
In the primary sector, you can be auto-sufficient.
You should buy it for yourself.
My mom bought this shirt for me.
Can I buy you a cup of coffee?
Tom gave me another chance.
Give me the shovel.
Who gave Tom that recipe book?
Is this all you can give me?
Give me a minute to catch my breath.
You'll be lucky to find something to eat around here.
I finished eating breakfast while Tom was getting ready for school.
Tom put the box in the car.
Tom is putting on his jogging shoes.
How about getting Tom a cold drink?
I was so nervous I almost threw up.
Tom shouldn't need any help.
That's a great help.
Tom has a full beard.
It's my turn to tell you a secret.
Tom is the one, isn't he?
You got one right.
I found this one.
Is that why you're leaving?
Tom's eyes are red today.
Does this look pink to you?
Tom was sneaky.
Tom is a twin.
Tom failed because he didn't study.
I think Tom should wear a tie to the party.
Do people ever accuse you of being obstinate?
I feel so lucky that I was chosen.
Tom knows exactly what I mean.
It looks like you slept in your clothes last night.
We need to tell everyone what happened.
It must be hard.
Can we talk for a sec?
You know you can talk to me.
I think you and I need to talk.
I'll have to talk about it eventually.
Tom stopped talking as soon as he noticed Mary wasn't listening anymore.
Why didn't you tell us you knew how to speak French?
I think Tom is exciting.
You don't think Tom did it, do you?
Stay as long as you like.
Make sure Tom stays out of trouble.
It's enough to make you sick.
He can only get better!
He paid a bill.
That's what we did after lunch.
We've got to tell Tom.
Let's go tell the others.
Tell me what this is about.
Tom told Mary he wasn't busy.
Can you tell me where you are?
What am I supposed to tell them?
Tell Tom the reason you can't go.
I told you we shouldn't trust Tom.
What did you tell Tom about the job?
There's no telling what might happen.
I forgot to tell Tom about the picnic.
Tom told me that he was going to Boston.
Has Tom told Mary who his grandfather is?
I've been told Tom has been in an accident.
Tell Tom I don't know where he parked his car.
Can you tell us what the bank robber looked like?
Tom never told me exactly how he and Mary met each other.
A 90-year-old driver passed out at the wheel and careered onto a crowded beach recently.
I'm in love with Jean Reno.
There are not enough recent progress to accurately predict it.
I just hope I don't do something stupid.
Tom was sitting there.
Tom sat down on his bed to put on his socks.
Mary's explanations enchanted me and desolated me all at once.
Mistakes were made.
I'm sorry I'm late. I overslept.
We have to get Tom someplace where he'll be safe.
We might have a chance to talk to Tom later.
Does Iceland still need a distinct language from the one it officially sings ?
I'm certain that if you work hard you will succeed.
My favourite colour is purple.
I tried to go back to sleep, but the noise kept me awake.
He didn't open his mouth all evening.
Before going to Mexico, I studied Spanish.
When Cinderella heard midnight sounding, she left immediately.
It's not a serious sin.
Schools are closed for Christmas.
It's good to try new things once in a while.
This isolated island is rejoicing at finally having drinkable water.
They're going to show us the documents.
She looks after them.
I really want to go away, far from the noises of the city.
Within the French government, Nicolas Sarkozy is the interieur minister.
Most of the islands in this area are inhabited.
You died.
It meant nothing to me.
There's nothing in this closet.
We've got to do something about this.
The teacher wrote something on the blackboard.
Not bad for a beginner.
I don't want everyone to know.
Houston, we have a problem.
Out of my salary, I had begun to save a few dollars.
He always texted me.
The political party crossed the margin of five percent in the first polls.
We've been down that road.
We've had a long day.
We're not going to start doing that.
We're getting you to a hospital.
We'll all miss you, Tom.
We'll drive Tom home.
We have no way of getting home.
We weren't prepared for this.
We got real lucky.
We may never have another chance.
It's a big universe.
Tom just did me a big favor.
We have a lot of snow here in the winter.
Your cooperation in this matter will be greatly appreciated.
Tom is quite assertive.
Can we go home now?
Can I borrow your laptop?
Is there anything you want?
Can you get this stuff out of here?
I wonder if Tom knows Mary is coming with us.
I was hoping Tom would say that.
I think Tom is interested in Mary.
I'm not easygoing.
You can't go home yet.
You can't both be the boss.
Do you see my point?
What's the room's price?
We've got some demands.
You bring the bagels.
You're going to do fine.
Tom and Mary have been an item for a few weeks now.
You'll be taken care of.
First the immigrants, then you. Our solidarity is the answer to social cannibalism.
You're quite sharp, aren't you?
You sure do use a lot of butter.
You'd better get some rest.
You thought I wouldn't notice, didn't you?
You should seriously consider doing that.
Do you want to come over and watch a movie?
Look what I did.
I heard that she has a boyfriend, and no, it's not Tom.
Tom threw a pillow at Mary and the pillow hit her squarely in the face.
Tom was infatuated with the girl next door when he was a kid.
How do I do that?
Why are you in bed?
There was a huge explosion.
He didn't do that out of meanness, but rather out of absent-mindedness.
Scoundrel! I cried, what are you doing?
When he told me that, I was dumbfounded.
What were you two doing there? I thought that you were supposed to be in Boston.
You are not at all what I expected.
You'd better watch it, buddy.
Mary has spent thousands of dollars on beauty products over the years.
Let's help each other out.
What kind of car do you drive?
All the guys teased me about it.
Have you heard anything from Tom?
What kind of a wedding do you want?
The house on the corner looks empty.
What are you guys looking at?
I knew that he was an artist, but I didn't know that he was good.
I don't want to know who kissed you.
Tom is a very hard worker.
Am I the only one that feels this way?
Tom is very unlucky.
Maybe I shouldn't have kissed Tom.
Tom is busy all the time.
Tom is only thirteen.
Tom doesn't usually dress like that.
Tom took Mary to the store.
Tom is in really good shape.
Tom cleaned the room.
Tom is swimming in the neighbor's pool.
Tom did this on his own.
Tom may leave any minute now.
I'm really mad at Mary.
You don't know very much about me.
The question is can you keep up with me.
Tom is pretty smart, isn't he?
Tom is quite nervous, isn't he?
Tom is conservative, isn't he?
That boy over there looks about your age.
You don't have to do this anymore.
Tom looked all around.
I think I know who it might've been.
Is someone taking care of it?
Tom stepped into the candlelight.
Tom always wears fashionable clothes.
Tom has been writing a cookbook.
Tom wasn't afraid to die.
Why don't you just say you don't want to do what they're asking you to do?
Tom makes it look so easy.
Tom is having a wank.
Tom seems friendly.
Tom seems gullible.
Tom replaced a fan belt.
Tom is still too young to drive.
Tom lay down on the grass.
Tom has a kind heart.
This is a valuable addition to our collection.
Tom is beyond hope.
Tom must've gone inside.
Please put it back where you found it.
Tom picked up the guitar and started to play the song Mary taught him when he was a kid.
You were the one who was late.
I don't think anyone would consider Tom good-looking.
I don't know how they did it.
Tom isn't as nice as Mary.
Tom isn't sure whether he made the right decision or not.
Isn't Tom supposed to be here by now?
Tom is quite satisfied with the result.
I like the cities.
Tom is still mad about the whole thing.
Tom is always losing his umbrella.
Tom is going to go along with you.
Can we hold a meeting about this tomorrow?
I don't know what went wrong.
It would be a pity if you let this opportunity pass you by.
You are enough.
It was nice of you to come.
Tom lives by himself in the woods.
Tom said he wanted some money.
Tom owns a few very valuable paintings.
I want to visit you.
The abstract analysis of the world by mathematics and physics rests on the concepts of space and time.
Tom really likes baseball.
Mary took her necklace off.
Tom showed me around the campus.
I love Fridays!
Mary doesn't live in my neighborhood.
The world never looks more beautiful to you than at the moment you're being imprisoned—before having to leave it. If only one could always feel this way!
At first sight this problem seems easy, but in fact it's difficult.
If life deals you lemons, make lemonade.
Then our chairman came up with a good idea, which we have made into a great plan.
It appears you're correct, Tom.
Did Tom get the message?
It's obvious that Tom is exhausted.
She has a strong character.
We haven't done anything wrong.
I'm not sure I disagree with Tom.
Are you going to ask Tom?
Is that all that you can say?
Well, I guess we should go.
Tom could tell that Mary wasn't listening.
I saw Mary yesterday.
Mary is Tom's first and only love.
You should be more careful with what you speak about.
Women know fuck all about football. "Yeah? Well, men know fuck all about knitting."
The second document is a letter addressed to the King, written by the Parliament of Paris.
Why didn't you tell me you didn't understand French?
Mary pretended to be working on her computer, but in fact she was eavesdropping on the conversation.
Someone's been here. I can tell that my things aren't where I left them.
It's obvious Tom really cares about Mary.
The worst solitude is to be destitute of sincere friendship.
Here, put these gloves on.
You don't remember Tom, do you?
He's addicted to porn.
Thanks for doing the dishes.
Hey, what a great idea!
England’s goalkeeper was criticized for the amount of goals he conceded.
He is still at large.
We're the same size.
That's why I brought this.
Because he comes from a poor family, little Tom may have to go without boots this winter.
How many years has it been since you've had a girlfriend?
I want to take you back to the hospital.
I'd like to talk to you about what happened.
The spare room is ready for guests.
The Polish cavalry troops charged bravely towards the German tanks.
I'm learning Esperanto.
I don't know whether I'll go or not.
You seem far away.
I've never seen these people before in my life.
It's a little creepy in here.
Tom has decided not to go to the meeting.
Nobody likes Tom.
I'm not the same person I was three years ago.
I don't think you did this.
I don't think I'm going to do that.
Tom isn't going to leave you.
I don't know how much longer I can stay.
How do you expect us to do that?
You were a prison warden for ten years.
There are thousands of millions of stars in the universe.
You must see it to believe it.
Everybody beats the fool.
The language they were speaking sounded like French to me.
Maybe I should go.
Tom took the key out of his pocket and handed it to Mary.
Why shouldn't I do it?
Their parents were farmers.
The more you study, the more you learn.
The bathroom is next to your room.
You have a minute? "Yes, why?"
You're tired of not doing anything.
Have a good dream!
We have what we deserve.
Pekka Ervast, the author of "The Key to the Kalevala", says that the lord and the creator of the world is called Kaleva, and that, as a substantive noun, Kalevala means "the home of the Creator or the Lord", meaning the higher planes of life or the higher zones of unseen world.
This will give you an approximate idea of the situation.
I wonder if Tom still likes Mary.
The Orion capsule may one day carry human beings to Mars.
Stop playing games, Tom. I want my money!
I wipe the dining table.
Happy Mothering Sunday.
What are you doing in such a cold place?
Tom was shocked to see how much his mother had deteriorated since he last saw her six months ago.
Tom got his nose out of joint when he wasn't asked to Mary's party.
Cycling groups lobbied for smooth roads to be laid down all over the country.
The spectre's voice disturbed the very marrow in his bones.
He's playing in the garden.
Tom's resignation took effect immediately.
I really need to get back on the road.
I'm stumped.
I suppose I'm just being stupid.
I eat what I can afford.
Tom clearly has something to hide.
Tom says he didn't know what it was like.
I'm really glad you can see me.
I needed you and you came.
Tom looks pretty far gone.
Sorry, I didn't see you standing there.
It's coming loose.
This is such a relief.
Call me when you know something.
I know who you're protecting.
I thought you might be out of breath.
They exchanged a look.
Tom could dance rather well.
You're digging your own grave, Tom.
Consider yourself lucky that you were never involved with Tom.
You're just afraid you'll have to kiss Tom.
This is what's going to happen.
Tom said that it would be a simple rescue operation.
The laughter died down.
You have to take the first step.
Your papers seem to be in order.
I'll try to pop in later.
I know where to find a good doctor.
Patience isn't one of my virtues.
I thought you were into this.
They were beggars.
Tom didn't seem exactly overjoyed to see us.
I wish I could drop off to sleep like that.
Tom is sitting on a picnic blanket.
I couldn't make head or tail of it.
Tom seemed reluctant.
We've confirmed the report.
I highly doubt Tom wants to see you.
That's why I sent for you.
I think we've got it figured out now.
I prefer that it stay that way.
Think about your family.
Tom is there to help Mary.
Why haven't you eaten the food I cooked?
Why aren't you talking to me?
Don't you see what Tom is doing?
Is it possible I actually have a chance with Tom?
Am I going to be normal again?
How do you feel about the war?
Now why would you go and do a stupid thing like that?
When did this come about?
What a bunch of idiots!
Tom got killed.
I'm not sure that Tom enjoyed the party as much as we did.
Please don't lose patience.
I think you've been listening to the wrong people.
Tom couldn't convince Mary to come back home.
Everything is ready here.
This report seems to be incomplete.
Nobody's trying to make you do anything.
Tom felt strong.
I have to go pack.
I've never skipped school.
It would be nice to spend some time with Tom.
That's the worst passport photo I've ever seen.
Tom needs to be the center of attention.
I know what I'm supposed to do.
There seemed to be nothing we could do to help.
We should've quit earlier.
Tom knows many celebrities.
I haven't met our new neighbors.
These are my boys.
I really do believe Tom knows who stole my wallet.
Tom couldn't prevent it.
Tom must've been the one who added Mary's name to the list.
Tom is the only person who can help me now.
Tom knew what Mary would say.
Tom never seems to be very happy.
Tom wasn't the only one who wasn't at the party.
Why wouldn't you let me borrow your bicycle?
Do you recognize anything?
Don't you think Tom looks like an old man?
Have you looked in the bottom drawer?
Why is Tom so interested in that?
What'll happen to us now?
Tom was on edge waiting for news of how Mary's surgery went.
It was an accident!
Could you take my picture?
At first I didn't understand what he was saying.
I can't do it alone, Tom. I need your help.
There's no forgiveness for me!
I'd like a taxi now.
Whatever she told you, it's not true.
I'd like a glass of wine.
Look at me in the eyes.
Tom is a world-class athlete.
Since happiness doesn't exist, we have to strive to be happy without it.
And that's when he kissed her.
This is my fiancé.
I'll cook something for you.
I want to study French next year.
Tom didn't say anything about how the party went.
I know you can't wait.
Tom promised he'd be there, but he never showed up.
It happened to me, too.
Don't be too rough on Tom.
None of us plan to go swimming today.
Does anyone here know how to do this?
Just leave that there.
Wow, you're good at that.
This is an important task.
Tom wondered when the snow would stop.
I should really get some sleep.
I've said all I'm going to say.
I heard the report.
Is it true that you just got out of prison?
Tom and Mary won't want me at their party.
Tom felt that he was getting old.
I don't know if Tom understood what we were talking about or not.
I've just seen that movie.
Tom will be here in a few minutes.
Nobody ever believes me.
Tom couldn't speak to Mary.
What's the limit?
They're armed with knives.
I never could do it.
It's really a nice idea.
I don't think Tom liked the song you wrote about him.
Do you think that would really help?
I never thought I'd see this happen.
Tom couldn't persuade Mary to accept his gift.
Do we have any food?
I need to exercise.
We weren't drunk.
We have other things to do.
Tom was in here the other day.
I'm planning to come.
We need to be very careful.
I had them both.
Tomorrow, we'll begin.
Is hitchhiking prohibited in Australia?
Tom seldom speaks to Mary anymore.
Tom wondered if he would ever see Mary again.
My grandfather was a hero.
My grandfather was an archaeologist.
I want a new dog.
He doesn't understand that his actions are inimical to his own interests.
He will spend the next four years in the jungle, engulfed in mud and filth.
Thanks for all you've tried to do.
He agrees with him.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with him?
Man, I hate this guy.
This cable has a tremendous strength.
In the morning, the witch gave the girl two pieces of linen to weave before night, and the boy a pile of wood to cut into chips.
Don't worry in the least. It's nothing more than a bad memory that will vanish with the first rays of the sun.
They liked each other.
You may have to work a little harder to achieve an orgasm.
Tom went to see Mary at her office.
I can't do this without her.
It's hard to keep up with him.
You should've stayed with me.
How do we reason with her?
Living with her isn't easy.
I only speak French with her.
I went to Boston with her.
Can you watch them?
We don't want them to go.
I want him to lose.
I didn't want to upset him.
I can no longer trust her.
You haven't told him, have you?
I told them to clean their rooms.
I told her all about you.
I'll show that to you.
When did you talk to her?
I want you to talk to us.
I'll never talk to him again.
You can talk to her.
I have nothing to say to her.
I advise you to listen to me.
Let me explain it to you.
What's your connection to her?
Thank them for me.
Tell her to take a seat.
Tell him I'll come back.
What did you tell him for?
I had to tell her that myself.
You should tell me yourself.
Why didn't you just tell them?
Take her inside.
Let's go and surprise her.
Show him the magazine.
You should've seen him dance.
Didn't you see her at dinner?
I have to see them.
I hope we'll see you again.
Nobody saw us do it.
We tried to save her.
I've been trying to reach them.
I suppose I'd better phone him.
Quit picking on me.
I'm not scared of him.
That was very careless of her.
Stop bad mouthing them.
I met her last night.
We're dying to meet them.
I can't make him love me.
We both love them.
Tell me why you don't like them.
I'd like him to rest.
How could you let them do this?
Don't let her distract you.
You should've left him alone.
No one seems to know her.
Have you ever kissed her?
What's keeping him?
Everyone ignored us.
Why would somebody hit her?
I think I should've helped him.
You need to help him.
Is that why you won't help them?
I'll stay here and help him.
I hate him now.
Give him a smile.
Why should I give her money?
I've got to get her a present.
I just gave her one.
I heard from him.
I haven't forgotten them.
I'm not going to wait for you.
I have something for him.
I wasn't looking for you.
I didn't come here for them.
What would be best for her?
You can't fire him.
They're going to find you.
I must go and find him.
I have to convince him to come.
I didn't feel like calling her.
Let's call them.
Should I bring him with me?
I can't believe him.
I thought you were mad at him.
I asked her to play the guitar.
You have to ask him first.
I can ask them to help.
Didn't I warn you about them?
Do you ever think about me?
We know so little about her.
We forgot all about you.
I'm supposed to be helping Tom.
Tom is a music teacher.
Would you tell Tom I'm here?
Tom was shy at first.
Tom has paid back what he owes us.
I am interested in your past.
I like Chinese and Japanese.
Let's see if I can fluff up your pillow.
Tom correctly deduced that Mary was pregnant.
Dan attempted to find out more about Linda's troubled past.
There were fewer people at the rally than organisers had hoped for.
Dan's autopsy revealed a surprise.
You're the best mom in the world.
They would ask you about the party.
Teleportation became a stable means of transportation by the 24th century.
Why do you think Dan would do this?
Our solar system is elliptical in shape. That means it is shaped like an egg.
Tom is the best singer in my class.
The doppler shift is a shift in an object's spectrum due to a change in the wavelength of light that occurs when an object is moving toward or away from Earth.
Most of the station disintegrated as it fell through Earth's atmosphere.
Clyde joined the search for Percival Lowell's "Planet X", a planet beyond Neptune.
Sunspots are regions of the Sun where the solar magnetic field is very strong.
I don't love Mary enough to marry her.
Pigeon racing is a sport that dates back almost 2,000 years.
Little did any of us know that Mary only had a few months to live.
The house was in sight.
Dan didn't even wear a suit.
Dan was considering a divorce.
If it happened to Tom, it could happen to me.
Dan played live on the radio.
I think I really love you, Tom.
The car key was in the glovebox.
Dan had a lot of stereo entertainment equipment in his room.
Didn't you get the money I sent you?
Did Tom really throw rocks at you?
How about a glass of wine?
Are you sure that Tom plays the violin?
Do you have a place to stay tonight?
Did you expect something different to happen this time?
What's so funny about this?
How did you get a nickname like that?
Would you like some herbal tea?
Where did you learn to shoot?
Tom insisted that he was right.
Could you just stand up, please?
Are you trying to get out?
What do you propose we do now?
Tom didn't show up for work on Monday.
What on earth makes you think you can fool me?
Did you find out where Tom lives?
Here, use my key.
Why wasn't Tom invited?
Are you sure Tom can do it by himself?
Perhaps we shouldn't be doing this without Tom's help.
Where exactly are we going?
Go out and get some more firewood.
I don't drink carbonated drinks.
What exactly will Tom be doing?
It's starting to get dark.
This is my good luck charm.
Have you ever forgotten your wife's birthday?
Are you sure everyone's already asleep?
Tom knew he'd never see Mary again.
Don't waste wood. It doesn't grow on trees.
Dan accidentally called Linda "Rita", which angered her.
Tom stopped and stared at Mary.
To help you all get to know each other, we've created some games to break the ice!
That's what I told the police.
It doesn't seem so good.
The printer doesn't work.
The children drew pictures on the sidewalk with chalk.
Tom wants to come with us to Boston.
I wish I could let Tom know we're coming.
Can you translate this for me?
In spite of everything, he came.
The child dipped his toes into the ocean to see if the water was cold.
Interest rates have seesawed all year.
Tom lives only a few blocks away.
Where are Piglet and I going? It's all a big secret! And what is the meaning of our lives? In life there is no meaning...
Tom walked into the room, followed by John and Mary.
Why are you so nervous tonight?
I like to listen to Tom's stories.
Maybe you can help Tom.
When does the bus leave?
I agree with everything Tom said.
She shook her head at him.
Look, I got a flower tattoo here on my belly.
They don't think about the poor children who are dying of hunger.
Istanbul is the most populous city in Turkey.
Nothing happens unless preceded by a dream.
Have you ever written a letter to Tom?
Tom got involved with people he should never have gotten involved with.
During an experiment on powers of observation, Tom was unable to describe any of the pictures hanging on his living room wall, despite having lived in his unit for two years.
There is not a lot of foot traffic in this area so far as I have seen.
Nine FIFA officials have been arrested and charged with racketeering and bribery.
Tatoeba is great.
The well-known 80/20 rules applies in that 20% of articles may account for 80% of the citations.
Allergic reactions are a problem caused by additives.
How many years have you been working here?
I don't give a fuck, not even a flying one.
What we know about Tom is that he has a wife Mary and they have two children, a son and a daughter with the same names as their parents.
Shopping malls are quickly mushrooming in this very urban city.
I don't feel well today and prefer to stay at home.
They love their mother a lot.
Tom seems to be very rich.
Are you fucking crazy or just stupid?
Why are you going in costume this year?
Stop dissing me in front of Mary.
I don't have enough money to buy everything we need.
He looks just like his father.
Excuse me, may I have another cup of tea?
That was a crazy thing to do.
If you push a button, either you will die or you will live.
Why should I care what you think?
It isn't wrong.
What's the difference between a superstition and an urban myth?
I have a book with 365 children's stories.
Me? "Yes, you!"
Secrets are a sad thing to have.
She finds reading boring.
You put fish paste in Samlar Machou Kreung.
His answer was crude.
Trying to save his failing business is what's keeping him up at night.
Tom fell down from the horse's back.
The more one owns, the more one wants.
No one else knows what it's like to be me.
She tried in vain to hide her anxiety.
I thought your heart was made of stone.
Something tells me that she has found them.
Whoever thought of this stupid plan should be fired.
After two hours on the road, Tom made a comfort stop.
If you want, you can use my table.
We have three objectives.
Tom and Mary are good friends of ours.
Three soldiers were wounded.
They're right, of course.
Tom is obviously angry.
How many were wounded?
Tom is the boss now.
It was pretty easy.
Our team is good.
Tom is an accomplished jazz musician.
What kind of problems do you anticipate?
Is Tom paying attention?
I believe in Tom.
Should I buy it?
This will never change.
Red is not your color.
The escaped prisoners are considered dangerous.
Could it happen today?
Tom was diagnosed with autism.
How many patients do we have on life support?
Tom didn't leave a suicide note.
I didn't have much money.
I like doing this.
There are teeth marks on the end of that pencil.
That plan failed.
Tom finished third.
You should get help.
This is the neighborhood where I grew up.
Crank up the heater.
I've been trying to reach you for three days.
I tied everything together.
Let me rephrase that.
When can I train?
What an inspiration!
Now you know why.
Tom still lives there.
That makes a difference.
We really needed it.
Tom was partly right.
Prices are reasonable.
Reservations are requested.
Tom wasn't wearing a seat belt.
This is a no-win situation.
Tom has many strengths.
Thank you for the update.
We've already been waiting for three hours.
It worked out.
For all his faults, Tom had a fundamental sense of decency.
How much does a first class ticket cost?
Your software has to be updated.
She shared the room with two other sisters.
She spoke in behalf of the homeless.
Tom wasn't able to carry all of the books.
I'd rather not answer that question.
Could somebody please answer me?
How does one achieve success?
I disagree with you, Tom.
I wonder if Tom is trying to kill me.
I'd like to hug you naked.
Since there are rice paddies near my house, I often hear frogs croaking all night long this time of year.
I'll never see Tom ever again.
He has absolutely no enemies.
I am not Irish.
I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do.
Did you know that a colony of ants is living inside the International Space Station?
I invented an excuse for missing the banquet.
Guys, we need to talk.
Hopefully, being ridiculous doesn't kill you !
I was hungry, so I ate.
Tom should've discussed that with you.
I heard fear in his voice.
It's very important for Tom to visit his father's grave.
Tom continued his relationship with that married woman.
Do you own a pair of ice skates?
Do you have a Facebook account? "Yeah, just in case. But for the most part I don't use it."
Some Buddhists try to crack the logic of words or try not to use words at all.
I like yellow.
When is Halloween?
When was the last time you and Tom went to Boston together?
Everything happened the way Tom predicted it would.
Tom didn't seem to be happy with our decision.
Our streets look cleaner than they used to.
Have you ever written a letter in French?
I've heard French is a tricky language.
Tom eventually became Mary's husband.
That looks a lot like Tom's ex-wife.
You seem to speak French fluently.
Tom doesn't really know, does he?
Tom didn't sound very confident.
Tom has all the money he needs.
Tom will be difficult to beat.
You're welcome to come along.
Do you speak French fluently?
I'm hoping that'll continue.
Tom can sleep on the couch.
Tom could've been the one.
Tom has a choice to make.
Tom has no self-control.
Tom can't come in here.
Tom is close to Mary.
We were concerned.
I wish I was in Boston.
That's a secret I can't tell you.
The fact that I usually go to bed after three in the morning shows that, with all my heart, I live in London's timezone.
Tom can do it better than me.
I spent that Saturday afternoon watching TV.
Tom's nervousness was noticeable.
I'd like some unsweetened tea, please.
This week, 25 people have written at least one Esperanto sentence on Tatoeba.
I don't have a lot of work, but it's enough to keep me in the office this week.
A fly fell in the soup!
Compasses point north.
Tom wanted to know what we were doing.
My wife loves cats.
I haven't seen her at all lately.
You aren't Japanese.
I follow my mom's example.
Please chop the chicken for the salad.
Do you really think I can help you?
Tom smiled and said goodbye.
Tom, tell me your email address.
Which language do you speak the most often?
Tom was killed by a poison dart fired from a blowgun.
There's a little pond in the garden.
My biological father means nothing to me! he said.
I think I've heard that somewhere before.
You shouldn't worry about that.
As time went on, the Queen had a pretty little boy, and it happened that the King was out hunting; so the old witch took the form of the chamber-maid, went into the room where the Queen lay, and said to her, "Come, the bath is ready; it will do you good, and give you fresh strength; make haste before it gets cold."
Tom doesn't carry much with him when he travels.
Tom didn't even look at the report that Mary handed him.
Sell your shares now before it’s too late.
I was going to check on her.
Tom gave no further details.
Do you like robotics?
Pelicans are strange birds.
All the divers already had their wet suits on.
Can we do this again?
Do you like snakes? "Obviously not."
Tom has done really well.
We don't make many mistakes.
I have 300,000 songs loaded onto my iPhone!
This bed is very comfortable.
I want to remodel my kitchen.
I've never felt like that.
I think this is inappropriate.
Mary, please hug me.
I will shit on you.
Everyone knew what went wrong.
Has anything been unclear so far?
Did you get a souvenir for your girlfriend?
There's just absolutely nothing happening.
The continent is pretty sick of this British whining about anything and everything.
Tom was messing around with the dishes.
We're hoping for the best.
A person that knows math is cool and if that person is a woman, it's even cooler.
Stop questioning me.
We were worried that the bullet would lodge in his spine.
This cooktop is 44 inches wide.
I think it's great.
How long has your head been hurting?
What did both of you do?
The ship passed under the bridge.
When it's spring in the Northern Hemisphere, it's autumn in the Southern Hemisphere.
I'm quite worried about Tom.
This is our job.
Tom wants us to stay.
I've discovered a serious error.
That's likely not true.
It's been very quiet.
It's now time to relax.
Tom just won't stop.
I'm surprised you didn't bring Tom along.
Tom is a garbage collector.
This game came out yesterday.
Tom lives in a small college town.
People in poor countries have more children than people in rich countries.
Tom picked us up at the airport.
There must be a solution.
I didn't know that babies could have political opinions.
Give me a towel.
Upon arrival, the firefighters discovered the house in flames.
This method works every time.
We waited there all night.
His fiancee is already married.
I liked the discussion with him.
How are things in Australia?
Who else was staying there?
They didn't choose me.
In that way you would have revenged yourself on me.
The baggage animals extended a long away, because the road they were following was narrow.
Does it only apply to masculine nouns?
Tom still needs to fill in these forms.
I just saw the woman that I will marry.
Tom lived abroad for three years.
Tom opened the doors.
Tom didn't do it himself.
I guess Tom didn't see me.
I usually drink my coffee with milk.
Why doesn't Tom want to go to Boston?
We aren't disappointed.
Stop. I don't want to do this.
A freight train has derailed just south of Stockholm.
I need to go to the washroom to take a piss.
I hadn't really thought about that.
Sorry, it's not your decision.
I don't even know what you are called, mate.
Unfortunately, it's not that simple.
The glass was broken by someone.
I have seen flowers come in stoney places.
Tom is doing that.
I think that he is from France.
They are nowhere in sight.
Tom didn't give details.
The room is cleaned by Tom.
That's an option.
I am in the same class as my brother.
I managed to escape.
You'll be able to notice.
I wish more parents allowed their children to do things like this.
I wish I hadn't cried.
Art exists so reality doesn't destroy us.
I wish I could remember everything Tom told me.
I won't fly in a plane.
Let's talk a bit about that.
Excuse me. I need to go.
If it weren't for modern medicine, I'd be dead right now.
I kind of lost my focus.
We used to get a lot of tourists from Australia.
I'm not used to being yelled at.
Tom has a maid.
I want to apologize for everything I've done.
I want to eat something different for a change.
I need medicine to lessen the pain.
You have to promise not to tell anyone.
There are several reasons.
I think that's important.
Tom just called you a liar.
This song is sad and beautiful.
Blood flowed from his wound.
Tom has been very influential.
I burnt my fingers on the hob this morning.
I didn't say I worked out.
I thought I put it right there.
I had nobody to play with when I lived with my grandmother.
I'm not going to go swimming this afternoon.
He reread the poem.
Tom and Mary can both speak French.
No project for peace can be viable unless it emphasizes ethnic, cultural, religious, and linguistic tolerance, as well as diversity in general.
Shhh, you'll wake up Tom!
Tom looks like he's thinking.
You ran in the garden.
I know why it was necessary.
I won't defend Tom.
I've never attacked anyone.
The book is brown.
I was really happy for Tom.
The young woman was so beautiful, that even the devil wanted to marry her.
The salt cellar was on the table.
I guess it's time to go.
Tom said he had no regrets.
I'm not talking to her.
Karin is a German name.
I think I should do that now.
I'm really proud of our team.
I continued to read.
Which bus goes to the airport?
Every time an artist dies, part of the vision of mankind passes with him.
I don't have time to do that today.
We can't waste even a minute.
Tom drew a circle in the sand with a stick.
We need food, clothing, and shelter to live.
Please give us all of your money.
There was pink mold in that bathroom.
We all know that Tom is guilty.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Can you not see that Mary is pregnant?
Some tourists have bad manners.
Tom and Mary were in a very close relationship; one of them could not be far away from the other.
Tom and Mary launched their boat from the slipway at the tip of the peninsula.
The elevators which are on the tail section are used to control the pitch of the plane.
Tom got all the vegetables that Mary needs to prepare lunch from the garden.
That's just one example.
He sat on a mossy tree stump.
I may have to change tack.
She was at the supermarket.
Her cat is so adorable.
I'm based in Boston now.
I don't like being bossed around.
I'm going to go and see a film. Wanna come?
The driver stopped the bus.
I've got blisters all over my feet.
I'm dying of cold.
Since you don't have anything to do, why not come fishing with me this weekend?
Can we get help?
I don't like hearing myself talk.
Languages evolve over time.
I'm preparing a present for Mary. I hope she'll like it.
There was a girl in Tom's car.
Clearly, I was overly optimistic.
According to Dr. Kattnig, pigeons use quantum mechanics to find their way home.
If you're going to lie, you need a good memory.
Tom complained that a light-fingered pilferer who'd briefly brushed against him at the crowded train station had carried off his wallet.
Tom's condition is rapidly worsening.
Several injuries have been reported.
Why are you so disappointed?
My sister's hair reaches her shoulders.
Tom was very angry and wouldn't speak to Mary.
I'll ask Tom to meet us here tomorrow at 2:30.
It took us a long time to agree on where to pitch the tent.
She was surprised to see him.
Do you want cheese in your eggs?
Tom sang softly.
Here's another idea.
Just go ahead!
Tom is daydreaming.
I told Mary that I loved her.
It'll all be over soon.
I'm willing to try new things.
Tom wants to go from Europe to Australia.
Tom was as nervous as I was.
A sailor christened his ship the "Why Not".
A pair of Ronald Reagan's cowboy boots, which were valued at $20,000, sold for almost $200,000.
Tell everyone the truth.
This is a bad deal.
I came here with my mom.
Tom was recommended by Mary.
The population of the village dropped by a third.
Maybe you should call the police.
I don't know the cause.
The boy walked through the puddles.
Britain is leaving the European Union.
Tom said he wanted to do more.
Tom can play tennis well.
What a rude comment!
Who did you give that to?
I woke up at noon.
We've been very successful.
Please do it using what you think is the best method.
I don't know how to do anything else.
She seemed okay when I saw her.
Tom met his third wife at a gym.
We haven't made any deals yet.
We wanted to get out of there.
Will you see Tom next month?
Tell everyone around you that tonight's party will be a huge one!
We know how this is going to go.
Tom will probably be late.
Tom was in a great hurry.
Many of Europe's metropolises are plagued by the donut phenomenon.
I love Celtic music.
She studies Chinese too.
Does Tom wear boots?
Tom is haunted by his past.
Tom is always smoking.
Maybe I'll go swimming after school.
Do you remember what you were going to say before you were interrupted?
This can cause liver damage.
Get your house in order.
I'm not a fan of environmentalists.
Tom has terrible eyesight.
I still haven't decided who to give this to.
My kite flies high in the sky.
I asked Tom to drive me home.
We haven't yet done everything we need to do.
I'll never speak to Tom again.
He could have done it, but he didn't.
I'm angry at everybody.
Tom isn't very good company.
I just wanted to play golf.
I asked Tom if he needed more money.
I've been waiting long enough.
All verbs are indicated in bold text.
He drinks a mug of white coffee without sugar.
I prefer doing my own research.
Thanks for reading my message.
I want to keep doing this.
Mom, I need new binders to organize my work.
I've never made a lot of money.
Tom opened his present.
I think I will buy the red car.
Is spontaneous human combustion scientifically proven?
She smells really nice.
Who can field this question?
Pesto can be frozen into cubes.
Christmas shopping is stressful.
Up flew the bright sparks in myriads as the logs were stirred, and the deep red blaze sent forth a rich glow, that penetrated into the furthest corner of the room, and cast its cheerful tint on every face.
There isn't much snow on the ground.
You can have a fulfilling life despite many unfulfilled dreams.
Tom's boss is very demanding.
I left three questions unanswered.
This is our first date.
Tom is a little bit mad, but we like him the way he is.
I know for certain that that's what happened.
Does he have a normal pulse?
You're very ignorant.
In our opinion, solar panels are a good investment.
You'll learn how to do this eventually.
I want to meet the girl of my dreams.
The announcement is very deceiving.
Some companies are adding workers.
We hope this isn't what it seems.
I want to hear people's concerns.
Where did such rumors originate?
This experiment is worth trying.
Tom is a very fun-loving young man.
I decided I should be on my own.
We need to lay low for a while.
We'll let Tom speak for himself.
I knew it was you all the time.
Why were we all summoned here?
Tom laughed and looked at Mary.
Tom didn't have a wedding ring.
I knew I was OK at that point.
Tom was paroled again in 2013.
Tom suffered from bone cancer.
The government can't do that.
It makes good business sense.
I don't want to have surgery.
I welcomed Tom with open arms.
We don't need your services.
That's the point I'm making.
It was as beautiful as ever.
I saw what happened clearly.
Frustration levels are high.
Tom attended Catholic school.
There's no free lunch here.
Our life is here in Boston.
Tom wanted Mary to move out.
Can you shed light on this?
We poke fun at each other.
Tom does it faster than you.
Memories fade too quickly.
I'm quite humbled by that.
I didn't want to camp out.
Tom needs to remember that.
We're all very outspoken.
Tom extended his right arm.
This is great news for Tom.
It should be informative.
Tom says he did just fine.
Are you all OK with that?
Tom fell into bad company.
The word is getting out.
It's my duty to stop it.
I wanted radical change.
Tom has incredible speed.
We were still in shock.
Tom's wife divorced him.
I've done it both ways.
I don't sleep at night.
We're not in sync yet.
We'll do as Tom wishes.
It just wasn't my day.
Did you see my boyfriend?
How can this not work?
Don't be so hasty, Tom.
Residents were upset.
I think of you often.
Who does that leave?
That's the fun part.
Tom loves ceremonies.
Gambling is a curse.
What would you get?
I'm begging you, don't be mad.
I'm considering it.
We need a bailout.
I love that photo.
Is that for real?
Tom does it all.
For all our outward differences, we, in fact, all share the same proud title, the most important office in a democracy: Citizen.
I'll sleep when I'm dead.
Tom said that he had to go there tomorrow.
I told Tom that I was hungry.
It didn't last long at all.
We always want what we can't have.
We're waiting for dinner.
The salad contained marijuana and then he realized he loved his new job.
Tom didn't want to go back to jail.
Stop peeing on the barn.
Tom's comment bothered me all day.
We all felt happy.
I'm not that surprised.
Tom where are the tea towels? I have spilled coffee.
Tom accidentally broke his favorite coffee mug.
Can you help us find the nearest road?
Tom picked out a book to read.
Tom hasn't washed the car yet.
Ask Tom about it the next time you see him.
You're really useless.
I agree with you on this matter.
I really liked that kind of work.
Can you show it to me tomorrow?
Do you know whether or not Tom is going to Boston next summer?
Tom is taking a huge chance.
I thought it'd be harder.
How do we pay for it?
Do you think you should be doing that without permission?
So you wanna do this?
Tom and Mary don't know anything about children.
I know I can do this job.
Tom asked no more questions.
Here's some ice.
The fog dissipated.
I don't wanna hurt your feelings.
I dozed.
I meant it.
The caiman is a very aggressive animal.
What kind of people write fortune cookie messages?
Tom wanted to go fishing.
He wasn't always like that.
How come none of my babysitters ever looked like you?
Tom started talking to me.
How's everyone doing here?
Nobody is important.
I'm just as ambitious as ever. Only, I've changed the object of my ambitions.
Fadil and Layla had a fresh start.
Fadil came out of a severe depression thanks to Layla.
Tom and Mary have moved to Boston.
Fadil killed several people.
Tom stole a car in Boston and drove it to Chicago.
I leaned back.
How did you all decide that?
Tom never should've been fired.
We shouldn't ever need to do this again.
How many days will Tom stay in Boston?
Let's hope that Tom doesn't try that.
How exactly do bees make honey?
I don't understand why you like Tom.
How much more money do you need?
Tom earns about three hundred dollars a day.
How would you suggest we do that?
I was born rich.
I haven't even looked at that yet.
How else can we feed our families?
I have a new girlfriend.
I'll never forgive myself for hitting Tom.
Mary's wedding dress was beautiful.
I asked Tom to tell me what he wanted.
I was truthful.
Tom didn't ask any more questions.
I think the audience thought I was funny.
How much time and money would we save?
I can't figure out how to say this in French.
I began pacing.
I won't be busy this afternoon.
Please be my friend.
I'm pretty rich.
I gave Tom a job.
Tom's cup is empty.
Fadil was intensely in love with Dania.
I have lung cancer.
I have three uncles.
I got here early.
Tom baked a cake.
He fell to temptation.
Let's have a look at it.
He is no longer a city dweller who has even once in his life caught a ruff or seen how, on clear and cool autumn days, flocks of migrating thrushes drift over a village. Until his death he will be drawn to freedom.
A long flight across the Atlantic Ocean requires several aerial refuels.
He enjoyed each moment of vengeance.
America is more divided than ever.
Fadil worked hard to make sure Layla had everything she needed.
After high school, Fadil and Layla thought it was the right time to strike out on their own.
Fadil could be very friendly.
While driving back home across the countryside, Fadil spotted something.
I study French with Tom three times each week.
Having a family was Fadil's dream.
Can we come? "You may as long as you are polite."
That made Fadil's house a little crowded.
Octopuses use coconut shells as portable shelters.
Layla's virginity was one of the most important things she had.
Layla saw Fadil as a patsy with a wallet.
Come here! I want to talk to you.
When the cat's away, the mice come out and jump up and down on the table.
I want answers now.
It looks like you're pretty good at doing that.
Both you and I should lose a little weight.
There is nothing unusual about teenage sisters fighting.
Tom says that he doesn't know anything about Mary.
I used to go swimming with Tom almost every day.
I was hoping today would be sunny.
There's only one way to do this.
No one has ever been tortured the way Sami was.
I enjoyed myself a lot at your party.
I'm turning thirty next Monday.
Tom spent all day cleaning the house.
I don't usually wear a suit.
Tom told the police what happened.
Tom is a bit taller than Mary is.
You have what it takes.
Tom isn't on the team anymore.
Sami was renovating his home.
Sami's need to punish Layla superseded any love he had for her and their children.
Refugees are welcome here.
We must figure out how to fix this.
It's a Hindu name.
The proposed law has significant flaws.
I am fine, thank you very much.
Anti-intellectualism is often cloaked as criticism of elitism.
You never really wanted to go to Boston, did you?
I think Tom wants to go to Boston with you.
I never really wanted to live in Boston.
Why do you want to go back to Boston?
I'm used to this kind of happening.
Tom was a kid when that happened.
It is not important what my name is.
Tom is ashamed of what he did.
Tom is shorter than Mary is.
I slept on the floor.
I've never killed anybody.
I'm very good at sports.
You don't look tired.
Mary jumped into the pool.
I've asked for a divorce.
This is lunacy.
I think he is a very disagreeable man, said Anne, with a resentful toss of her ruddy head.
I can't possibly do this without someone's help.
Politics in this country is shifting towards the right.
I lit three candles.
I can't afford this.
If he told me the truth, I would forgive him.
Tom uses Internet Explorer 11.
I didn't save the file.
I wanted to return here.
He is afraid that he will tarnish his reputation if he disagrees.
I sipped my coffee.
I'm terrible at French.
He mumbles a lot.
The President signed the executive order.
Maybe Tom is too shy to come over here.
Two teenagers illegally crossed the border while playing Pokemon Go.
Tom taught me how to ride a bicycle.
I've been doing it for years.
I'm afraid I cannot help you.
Mary ate the quince.
I'm honored to be asked to participate.
Whenever he got a present he didn't like (and that was all of them), he would always express his strong displeasure at having received it. Not once did he ever pretend to like his gift to make the other person happy.
This was the turning point of his life.
Is this a good translation?
Bow down to your new ruler.
Tom may not be telling the whole truth.
What is that made of?
Our sensors did not detect any unusual activity.
He becomes enraged upon being contradicted even slightly.
Never read internet comments.
This is a multi-ethnic state.
How often do you go jogging?
Our company wants to expand into a new market.
I was eight years old when I went to Mt. Fuji with my dad.
On the 3rd of July, 964 AD, the Russians gained victory over the Khazar kaganat.
Adam is a weakling. He couldn't even lift my dog!
Today is Earth day.
Tom called Mary a couple of times.
My brain says no, but my gut says yes.
His article is better than mine.
Give me one reason why I should do that.
The nurse removed Tom's bandages.
Tom refused to show me how to do that.
That's a hard problem.
Tom is a pain in the ass.
Layla wasn't acting like a guilty woman.
Layla was going to have a difficult time.
Layla drinks a lot.
This city has a million inhabitants.
Play it.
This is where I tripped and fell yesterday.
Tom admitted that he broke the window.
Did you really want to do that?
Tom would rather not do that.
Do you want to keep this?
So you think this is funny?
How do you feel about sex before marriage?
Tom wanted to buy a Newfoundland dog.
If you don't do what he says, he'll kill you.
The day before yesterday was Tuesday; the day after tomorrow is Saturday.
How accurate do you think this data is?
We need more eggs.
Aren't you going to go with us?
Do you think you're the only one who can't do that?
Don't you want to know who that boy is?
Layla agreed to meet Sami.
Did you hear anyone singing?
Layla decided to go to the party.
I didn't want to do what Tom told me to do.
Do you know what Tom was talking about?
Layla doesn't want to be with Sami.
Does Tom really think Mary likes him?
Tom says he's not going to do that.
I heard Layla's car drive off.
Do you think it's worth the effort?
How should I do that?
Will anyone care if we do that?
I wish that you wouldn't make so much noise late at night.
I was afraid that I might be too tired to help.
I'm not ever going to be able to do that.
Layla was so mad.
I'm going to do that sometime today.
I'm not going to do that with you.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't likely to do that.
There was a plywood board there.
The password is 12345.
Preserve life; please don't waste water.
I think Tom complains too much.
Tom wouldn't let Mary drive.
He wasn't at all satisfied.
You have the same skin color as me.
Tom recommended doing that.
Layla gave Sami a gun.
Don't you usually go to the country in the summer?
Layla asked for something unexpected.
Layla was enjoying the view.
Did Tom say he didn't think we had to do that?
Did you play baseball in high school?
Does Tom know why Mary didn't do that?
Layla went to Egypt.
A man just asked me where Tom lives.
Sami dropped off his kids at school.
Layla was a healthy little girl.
This piece brings me to tears every time I listen to it.
Sami wanted Layla dead.
Destroy the computer.
It's really noisy here.
Tom has dermatitis.
Layla burned all of Aart's books about racist literature.
Layla promised you that, didn't she?
Layla was enjoying this.
Have Tom and Mary both done that?
I don't think I would've gone there by car.
I'm sorry, but I'll not be available.
Tom's shirt was on his bed.
When did that happen to Tom?
Layla grew up in Arabia and was very familiar with camels.
When is Tom going to do that?
I'm pretty sure Tom didn't know Mary wasn't going to do that.
Sami was a police snitch.
Tom said nasty things about me.
Tell me who we are.
Tom doesn't like romance novels.
It might not be as difficult to do that as you think it'll be.
Tom said it wouldn't be easy to do that.
Sami's mutilated body was in his room, decapitated and his heart removed.
I don't understand what's going on. "You don't have to."
I was duped into thinking he was trustworthy.
Please try to talk Tom into joining our team.
All Tom wanted was a drink.
Tom will probably not try to do that.
I haven't seen Tom since last summer.
Tom is responsible for what happened.
I thought you knew Tom couldn't do that.
Tom took his helmet off and put it on the ground.
Tom couldn't have done that without help.
Tom is the French teacher at the school Mary goes to.
Tom thought Mary was the one who did that.
Tom isn't going to have to do that himself.
Tom invited some friends over for dinner.
Why did you do that without telling Tom first?
When does Tom want me to be there?
How long does Tom expect us to wait for him?
Tom is unlikely to start doing that.
Don't put any mustard on my sandwich.
I'm starting to feel very dizzy.
Mary is my type of woman.
Sami's hair was found at the scene of the crime.
Sami had a suspicious online activity.
Now in Tatoeba you find, in English, only phrases about Tom or Sami.
Many Pharisees and Sadducees came to the baptism of John the Baptist.
Everyone knew that it was impossible. An ignorant man did not know: he did it.
Sami's contacts were missing.
I told Tom that he shouldn't talk with his mouth full.
Is it always this way?
Tom, won't you keep quiet for at least ten seconds?
Everyone knew Sami's family.
He respects his only sibling.
This is a very good phrase.
Everyone sees that.
After the battle, my character earned 45 XP.
I love the setting of this game, but the story is unremarkable.
The population of Japanese people is at least 300,000 fewer than last year.
The car's broken down. We can't go on.
A triangle has three corners and is triangular.
Who did Tom go with?
Mary is older than me.
A root sits in the earth, and the passerby doesn't see it.
You look alarmed.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand.
Winter went quickly by; now March and spring are here.
For truly on countless occasions throughout my life I have had this experience; persons for a time talk pleasantly with me because of my work among the sick, in which they think me very well trained, but when they learn later on that I am also trained in mathematics, they avoid me for the most part and are no longer at all glad to be with me.
The sentence makes no sense.
Do you remember what she was wearing?
Indeed, she quite forgot her godmother's orders to her, so that she heard the clock begin to strike twelve when she thought it could not be more than eleven.
The violets and the lilies of the valley are blooming, but Daphnis droops and fades away.
Do not complain of us, Daphnis; we take more interest in Chloe than you yourself do.
My neighbor's dog is barking.
The fire which seems extinguished is often dormant under the cinders; whoever wants to revive it may be in for a surprise.
These headphones are too tight for me.
Tom may be broke.
Tom will probably not go.
Tom may be interested.
Tom and I were both there.
Nobody has been killed yet.
Tom has done that two times.
Tom has no one to advise him.
Both Tom and I need new shoes.
Tom gave me something I needed.
Both Tom and I are conservative.
Please promise me you'll do that.
I didn't have a chance to do that.
Tom should've never been released.
Tom is smart enough not to do that.
Tom died in the same year Mary did.
I think Tom didn't intend to do that.
Tom says everyone he knows can swim.
Tom has already been asked to do that.
Both Tom and I are wearing black today.
Tom and Mary are both still not married.
Tom says everyone he knows can do that.
Tom said he wanted to borrow a few books.
Tom might not know where Mary was last week.
Tom likes the same kind of music I do.
Tom said he was glad he didn't do that.
Do you think it would be all right to do that?
It'll probably be difficult for Tom to do that.
Tom likes the same kind of music Mary does.
Tom won't likely get here earlier than Mary.
Tom said it was more difficult to do that than he thought it would be.
Tom said Mary is glad that she was able to do that for you.
Everybody except Tom knew that Mary was in love with him.
Tom lied to Mary when he told her he had already done that.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't desperate to do that.
Who gave Tom a glass of wine?
I didn't think Tom was interested in learning how to drive.
Is it true that you and Tom are staying in the same hotel?
We didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
You didn't seem to be aware that you were supposed to do that.
I didn't give Tom any advice.
I thought you said you're tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
I won't tell Tom to do that.
I stayed in Boston with Tom.
Tom said his house was only about three miles from the school where he worked.
I went on doing that even though Tom asked me to stop.
I didn't know who Tom was planning to go fishing with.
Tom said he would've done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do that, but he says he'll try.
I don't think Tom will be present at today's meeting.
It would probably be dangerous to do that by yourself.
Is Tom the only one who doesn't know how to do that?
You don't have to eat anything you don't want to eat.
I don't want to get married until I'm in my thirties.
I don't think Tom is ugly.
The old man standing under the tree seemed confused.
I doubt I'll ever be able to do that as well as you.
Tom doesn't seem to understand why he shouldn't do that.
Tom should do that, because it's the right thing to do.
I knew it wasn't the first time Tom had done that.
I didn't really think Tom would refuse to do that.
You should make sure that you don't do that today.
I'm the only person here that Tom seems to trust.
I have neither the time nor the energy to do that.
I didn't think Tom would be reluctant to do that.
I never did love Tom.
I think Tom is full.
Does Tom sing well?
I didn't begin to write songs until I was thirty.
Tom said that he really didn't know how to do that.
It's already been three months since I did that.
I think Tom will be able to do that by himself.
Tom said he wanted me to teach him how to do that.
Would it be all right if I don't do that today?
Tom will likely be gone by the time we get there.
I think Tom was the one who stole your bicycle.
Tom is lucky to still be excused from doing that.
When was the last time you were out on a date?
It looks like Tom isn't very good at dancing.
I don't want to do this, but I have no choice.
I didn't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
You were quicker at doing that than Tom was.
I've never actually gone on a date with Tom.
I really should've told Tom to visit Boston.
I don't want anyone looking through my stuff.
Tom admitted he did what he promised not to do.
You thought I'd quit doing that, didn't you?
I thought Tom would be angrier than he was.
I hate Tom, but not as much as he hates me.
Tom didn't expect to be able to do that again.
All three of Tom's ex-wives live in Boston.
You were the one who did that, weren't you?
You did that earlier this week, didn't you?
I've loved you since the first time we met.
I should've waited until Monday to do that.
Do you think Tom is determined to do that?
Doing that will be more fun than you think.
I thought Tom wasn't at home last Monday.
Thanks for reminding me about the meeting.
I didn't notice Tom hiding in the bushes.
Tom could've done that, but he chose not to.
Maybe Tom doesn't know how to play jazz.
I thought Tom knew what he needed to do.
Tom said he wished he hadn't drunk so much.
I didn't want to tell Tom how old I was.
How long did you and Tom stay in Boston?
What kind of treatment did Tom receive?
I should've been here with you yesterday.
Tom used to be able to do that quite well.
I do almost the same thing as Tom does.
How many hours has Tom been doing that?
You don't know what you've been missing.
Tom got the highest grade on today's test.
I lied to Tom when I said I'd do that.
Tom almost did that when he was in Boston.
I did everything the same way Tom did.
Why didn't you permit Tom to do that?
Tom said he didn't have anything to read.
Why don't you have a permit to do that?
Tom has admitted he was there that night.
I can tell that Tom likes doing that.
Tom, weren't you going to do that today?
I told Tom I wouldn't do that again.
I hope that Tom won't do that again.
Tom said he was trying to be optimistic.
Do you want Tom to buy that for you?
Tom has started playing his banjo again.
Tom doesn't really care how you do that.
I helped Tom deal with the problem.
I didn't think Tom was embarrassed.
Do you know why Tom had to do that?
Tom said he's pleased with the results.
Tom probably could've done that better.
I don't think Tom will be worried.
Tom has decided to return to Australia.
Will you please open the door for me?
Tom demonstrated how the device worked.
I'm thinking about taking a vacation.
I don't think Tom is discouraged.
I didn't give Tom what he needed.
Tom said that we needed to be careful.
I'm sure Tom will be handcuffed.
Tom likely won't be back anytime soon.
Tom is lucky to have had so much help.
Now would be a good time to do that.
Did you know Tom would be there?
Maybe Tom won't finish on time.
Tom comes to see me from time to time.
I know that Tom is incompetent.
I demand that you do that right now.
I already know where Tom works.
You have to do that sometime today.
Tom said he was asked not to do that.
I know that Tom was surprised.
I don't think Tom is divorced.
I knew I might not need to do that.
Tom seemed to be aware that Mary didn't do what she said she was going to do.
Tom eventually gave up and went home.
Both of my ex-wives live in Boston.
Tom asked us if we'd like to do that.
Tom's brothers are still in custody.
Mary isn't wearing lipstick today.
I'm not sure who I should talk to.
Tom said Mary knew John might be required to do that by himself.
I have some experience doing that.
Tom said Mary thought John might need to do that this evening.
I didn't have everything I needed.
Tom didn't seem to be aware that Mary didn't want to do that.
You're wearing a wig, aren't you?
You don't like cats much, do you?
This cave was discovered in 2013.
Tom and I were meant to be together.
I don't know whether Tom is younger or older than Mary is.
Tom told me that he'd be back soon.
Tom advised Mary to take the money she was being offered.
Tom said we had to start somewhere.
Tom said he had trouble doing that.
Tom might not go to Boston with us.
You don't still do that, do you?
Tom is a former family court judge.
Tom said Mary was too old to go out dancing all night.
I bet Tom would be able to tell you why Mary did that.
I shouldn't have gone to Boston.
Tom probably doesn't know where Mary went to college.
Tom, Mary and a few other people did that yesterday.
Tom was just thirteen at the time.
Did you have an afternoon snack?
Tom says he won't help us do that.
Tom said he walked home yesterday.
Tom promised not to do that again.
Tom knows how to get a hold of me.
I should've asked you for help.
Tom hasn't coached in three years.
Tom had no idea what Mary was going to need to do.
Tom drove himself to the hospital.
Tom didn't say who should do that.
Tom said he wasn't going to John and Mary's wedding.
Who's the person who did that?
Tom, Mary, John and I are all in the same class.
Tom should get the death penalty.
Tom said his conscience is clear.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be doing that again.
Tom won't likely tell Mary what he needs to do.
I don't have any more details.
Tom said Mary was likely to still be depressed.
Tom has lived there all his life.
Tom won't be able to convince Mary to do that.
We need to know your opinion.
Tom can have everything he wants.
I'm planning to study French.
Tom will probably tell Mary he won't do that.
I know that I'll be punished.
I don't see why I have to go.
Tom doesn't think Mary would have to do that.
Tom is rarely at home on Monday.
Tom has promised not to do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary will be at the party.
Tom asked me to vacuum the room.
Tom didn't tell Mary he intended to do that.
Tom was careful not to do that.
Tom says he feels the same way.
Tom said Mary is probably still doing that.
I do that every day at 2:30.
I'd rather do that with Tom than with Mary.
You'd better do that again.
Tom said Mary was happy that you did that.
My house is on Park Street.
I wish to remain anonymous.
I should visit Boston, too.
Tom needs to do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do that anymore.
Don't make me study French.
You're a tough competitor.
Tom said Mary was likely to be careless.
My family lives in Boston.
I'm eager to go to Boston.
Tom knows it's time to leave.
I have to stop doing that.
Tom didn't tell Mary which book to buy.
Tom and I don't study French.
Tom went on speaking French.
That's a sensitive issue.
Tom may speak French to you.
Tom told Mary that he'd be back soon.
I know many French songs.
Tom said Mary has been feeling tired.
Do you like to wear hats?
Tom said he'd go to Boston.
My parents died in 2013.
I washed the vegetables.
Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
I don't like grapefruit.
Do you like being alone?
Tom asked Mary why she was so busy.
Tom does that the fastest.
Tom said Mary isn't in Boston now.
I don't mind the smell.
Tom may do what he wants.
Tom hopes Mary knows what to buy.
Tom and I are carpenters.
Tom said he's very busy.
Tom didn't think Mary was broke.
Tom and I weren't alone.
Tom should've been mad.
Tom is always friendly.
I did that last week.
Tom likes his new job.
Tom and I met in 2013.
Tom is flying a kite.
Tom said Mary wasn't cold.
Tom was downstairs.
Tom will be tired.
May I ask, can I open a bank account?
The two brothers were partners.
The floor is lava.
Mary's gold iPhone looks tacky.
That sounds like the perfect place for a vacation.
You can save as much as 10% a year on heating and cooling by simply turning your thermostat back 7°-10°F for 8 hours a day from its normal setting.
I love creating characters and seeing where I can take them.
Sami was the man that everyone wanted to be.
Are you sure that Sami is Layla's "only" other man?
Sami started seeing another woman.
At what o'clock did Mr. Drebber leave your house for the train? I asked.
Tom and Mary had a short conversation.
Sami wants to be a massage therapist.
Sami's screams diverted the jury's attention.
What are you doing? "I'm in the toilet, taking a dump."
Our bodies are made of cells.
The mine caved in and many workers were trapped inside.
Sami grew up with his siblings in Cairo.
Sami wanted a different sexual experience.
He went to my school.
Can you tell me what was going on in your mind?
ISIS assassinated many people in Syria and Iraq.
Helicopter parents are parents that hover over their children like helicopters.
You're a better chess player than I am.
We're planning on staying for a few days.
Tom doesn't seem to be willing to go to the supermarket for his mother.
Tom said he doesn't plan on staying with us this weekend.
Tom had no idea that Mary was planning on doing that.
That's the way most people do that.
If you can't do that, I'll ask Tom to do it.
I would've done that myself if I'd had more time.
I wonder if we can do that.
I wonder whether Tom wanted to go to Boston with us.
I wonder if Tom really knows what Mary did.
I wonder whether Tom is really telling the truth.
I wonder if Tom has told Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I wonder if it's really safe to do that here.
I wish I had as many friends as Tom does.
I haven't yet told Tom what to do.
How long does it take to get to the train station on foot?
Since Tom doesn't understand French, we speak French when we don't want him to understand what we're talking about.
I'm surprised Tom didn't do what you asked him to do.
I told Tom that I hadn't yet done what he'd asked me to do.
I won't be able to do that any better than Tom can.
How did you find out Tom didn't want to do that?
I'm not the only one here who doesn't know how to speak French.
Tom and I have been studying French together all afternoon.
Tom said he'd stay and help us clean up after the party.
I don't wear the same size shirt as Tom does.
Tom is the only one who was able to solve the puzzle.
How long does it take to walk to the train station?
I wouldn't do that even if Tom asked me to.
I didn't know Tom didn't know how to drive.
Tom is the one most likely to be able to do that.
Tom said he thought he was too drunk to do that.
I've asked Tom stay with us until Monday.
I don't think Tom is very good at skiing.
Tom seemed to have his mind on something else.
I knew Tom would tell me how to do that.
I might not be permitted to do that anymore.
We haven't gotten around to doing that yet.
Tom isn't the only person who could do that.
You know that I didn't do that, don't you?
Tom seemed to be having trouble doing that.
I have no idea why Tom didn't do that.
Tom seems to be very concerned about that.
I hope I can figure out a way to do that.
Tom very seldom goes anywhere by himself.
Do you want to know how Tom did that?
I haven't won anything in my whole life.
I wonder if Tom is still overweight.
I wasn't the only Canadian on the team.
Tom will probably never be able to win.
You don't need to do that by yourself.
I know Tom can't understand French.
I knew you could do that if you tried.
Perhaps Tom will agree to do that.
Maybe we shouldn't leave early today.
I don't think that Tom can do that.
I didn't think you wanted to do that.
It looked like Tom was disgusted.
I think Tom may agree to do that.
Tom told me that he'd been forgiven.
Tom looked like he was disappointed.
I wonder why Tom should do that.
I'm going to do that all by myself.
Tom said that he agreed to do that.
It was yesterday that Tom went.
I thought Tom was under thirty.
I'll get fired if I don't do that.
Tom said he believed he could win.
I hope Tom isn't still crying.
We were happy to do that for you.
I wonder why Tom is so drunk.
Tom knows we aren't going to win.
Tom didn't seem to be in a hurry.
I think Tom is still asleep.
Ask Tom when he'll get here.
Tom said he didn't mind waiting.
I always knew you were innocent.
Tom and I could travel together.
It looks like you're skeptical.
I was in Boston all last month.
Tom has finally stopped crying.
I hope Tom didn't mind.
We went to the mall yesterday.
I heard Tom laughing.
Tom is going to swim tomorrow.
What's Tom baking?
Why is Tom mad?
Please let me do the washing.
Tom is expected to come soon.
Tom probably won't be able to do that without Mary's help.
Does it rain a lot in Boston?
Tom persuaded me to do that.
Tom is the only one who could've stolen Mary's money.
I had to get home by myself.
Tom told me he was nervous.
I don't think Tom knows why Mary wants to do that.
Tom hasn't done that a lot.
Did you buy this in Boston?
That's not why I did that.
I wasn't wearing my boots.
I don't think Tom knows what Mary needs to do.
Tom told me he might win.
It's time to get started.
Tom told Mary he waited for her all morning.
Tom was the one who won.
Please give me one, too.
Tom told me he didn't want to tell Mary.
Tom wasn't a good cook.
Tom says he can't sing.
Can you still ski well?
It was Tom who asked Mary to do that.
How did that get here?
Tom and Mary didn't leave together.
I hope Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary could sing together.
Tom wasn't sleeping.
Tom is very strange.
How much are eggs?
I saw Tom talking with Mary.
I hate walking.
Tom often wins.
As the sun rose slowly above the eastern horizon, the caps of the great mountains lit up one after the other, like lamps at a festival, until they were all ruddy and glowing.
Does Maria not owe you?
I don't need to explain this.
The police increasingly believed that Sami had something to do with Layla's disappearance.
Sami fell in love with one of his female students.
What did you do about it?
You'll find that apartment cool.
It's like we're having a party here.
You were in the taxi, weren't you?
Sami went next door to order some pizzas.
I haven't talked to anyone lately.
Sami was running a busy hotel.
Sami found another excuse to delay the wedding.
These puppies are adorable.
Why is Sami at the hospital?
Tom's fireplace hangs from the ceiling.
What are all these invoices doing here?
I'm not the woman Sami deserves.
Sami wasn't always right though.
Sami can't sell his shares.
Sami has a phone call.
Would you mind closing the door, please?
Today is the disciple of yesterday.
Happiness cannot be bought.
Sami is just a piece of dirt.
In the mosque, Sami sat on the floor.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
This house is a fabulous example of Victorian Gothic architecture.
Tom is very young, so he doesn't really understand what's happening.
Sami said that the matter was extremely urgent.
Mary planned on doing that by herself.
Mary says she's planning on going tomorrow.
If Mary spoke a little slower, people would be able to understand her better.
Mary was through doing that by the time Tom offered to help her do it.
You seemed surprised when Mary told you she didn't want to do that.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't want to eat what she'd made for him.
Mary is doing that because it's what she thinks she needs to do.
You seemed surprised when Mary told you she wanted to do that.
Mary was shocked when she learned that Tom had been arrested.
I didn't know what to do when Mary said she wouldn't help me.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that Tom didn't want her there.
Mary postponed her party until Tom got out of the hospital.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to help John do that.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Mary said she thought she might not have to do that here.
I didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew Tom was having a good time in Boston.
Would you please tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Mary said she didn't know where she was supposed to go.
When Mary told Tom that she'd done that, he got upset.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that again.
I'm surprised Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
Mary should've done it the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary loved living on the ranch with her grandparents.
Was it you who told Mary she didn't have to do that?
Mary said she wished she hadn't gone there with Tom.
Mary doesn't really think she can do that, does she?
Mary will probably tell Tom she'll never leave him.
Mary said she's never been to a Chinese restaurant.
Mary doesn't have to eat it if she doesn't want to.
Mary's kids were here a while ago looking for her.
Mary said that she thought Boston was a safe city.
Mary has enough money to do anything she wants to.
Did you ask Mary what she thought the problem was?
Mary says she just couldn't allow Tom to do that.
Mary promised herself she wouldn't do that again.
I'm certain Mary will do what she says she'll do.
Mary told me she wanted to learn how to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't having any fun.
Mary doesn't know whether she'll do that or not.
Mary was told that she doesn't have to do that.
Mary said she wanted to stay home this weekend.
Mary had only herself to blame for the failure.
We need to stop Mary before she hurts herself.
Mary stressed that she didn't want to do that.
Mary said she knew we wouldn't be able to win.
Mary got angry when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
You knew Mary said she'd do that, didn't you?
Mary still doesn't have to do that, does she?
Mary said she didn't want to do that with us.
Mary doesn't think she can do that that soon.
None of Mary's friends knew where she lived.
Mary said the cold didn't bother her at all.
Mary managed to put the fire out by herself.
Mary decided to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary was too young to take care of herself.
Mary saved all of the letters Tom sent her.
Mary nearly killed herself a few hours ago.
Mary didn't do everything she said she did.
Mary will do everything you ask her to do.
Mary said she's sure Tom needs to do that.
Mary knows something she's not telling us.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that.
Mary used to play the guitar, didn't she?
Mary said she was glad that you did that.
Mary isn't as reliable as she used to be.
Mary asked me to meet her at the station.
Mary told us she wasn't allowed to help.
Mary said she's been robbed three times.
Mary lives in the house she was born in.
Mary claims that she was born in Boston.
Mary usually gets everything she wants.
Mary said she'd never agree to do that.
Mary is very picky about what she eats.
Mary admitted that she'd been mistaken.
Mary tiptoed so no one would hear her.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom can swim.
Mary is afraid to go there by herself.
Did Mary tell you where she bought it?
Mary showed Tom some of her drawings.
Mary said she might possibly do that.
Mary is able to take care of herself.
I hope Mary knows what she should do.
Mary swears she won't do that again.
Mary said she never saw Tom do that.
Mary is good at everything she does.
I didn't tell Mary that I loved her.
Mary says she's never seen a panda.
Mary picked Tom up on her way home.
Mary didn't know how lucky she was.
Mary told me she'd do that for us.
Mary said she's been busy all day.
Mary is good at French, isn't she?
Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Mary says she did that last week.
Mary looked like she was shocked.
Mary couldn't do that, could she?
Mary told me she needed my help.
Mary said she never lied to Tom.
Mary dragged herself out of bed.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't win.
Mary plans on going by herself.
Mary caught Tom looking at her.
Mary says she used to do that.
Mary is waiting for her check.
Has Mary cleaned her room yet?
Mary said she'd go to church.
Mary is deceitful, isn't she?
Mary stayed home by herself.
Mary is very old, isn't she?
Mary took off her raincoat.
Mary is the one, isn't she?
Mary stuck to her promise.
Mary didn't keep her word.
Mary is training her dog.
Mary said she was bored.
Mary removed her socks.
Ask Mary where she is.
You know that I'm still planning to join the team, don't you?
Tom told Mary that he was planning on joining the team.
Tom might be missing Mary now.
Please tell Tom I'll be late.
I wonder if both Tom and Mary have left.
I didn't know if Tom would agree to do that or not.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be the next one to do that.
I don't know why Tom wants me to go to Boston with Mary.
How many more days do you think Tom will be in Boston?
Tom is going to thank me for this one of these days.
I wish I could do that with you today, but I can't.
Tom said that he wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom said that Mary has been told not to do that.
Even though Tom said I should do that, I didn't.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to win.
Tom doesn't often talk about his private life.
Tom is going to do what Mary tells him to do.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely eat very much.
Were you able to persuade Tom to volunteer?
This isn't the right time to be doing this.
Tom said that Mary didn't have to do that.
I don't think Tom is obligated to do that.
Tom is probably going to be leaving soon.
Tom will pay you a visit this afternoon.
Tom has already spoken to me about that.
Tom said that Mary was in love with me.
I'd like to know why Tom won't help us.
Tom is unlikely to show up here again.
Why did you encourage Tom to do that?
Tom convinced Mary to tell the truth.
Tom said that Mary was disorganized.
I'm currently living on Park Street.
Tom is probably too shy to do that.
We're going to the beach tomorrow.
Tom is going to really be pleased.
Tom wrapped himself in a blanket.
Tom is going to do that sometime.
We'll begin as soon as possible.
Tom loves to watch horror films.
I wish I'd kissed Tom yesterday.
Tom said he wouldn't kiss Mary.
Did you come by yourself today?
Tom is going to be back later.
Tom said that he was jealous.
Breakfast will be ready soon.
Tom and Mary were concerned.
Tom left his phone at home.
Tom said that he was safe.
Tom will kill all of you.
Tom tried to trick Mary.
Tom ended up in Boston.
Those boots are mine.
Tom has secrets.
Sami should try something else.
Sami doesn't need to ask the question.
Sami is the only Muslim in town.
What is the secret of health for both mind and body?
Sami met a Muslim family in Toronto.
Sami deserves more than that.
Sami didn't have the courage to tell that to Layla.
Sami met a beautiful girl named Layla.
Sami got an additional ten years to life for stabbing Layla in the head.
Sami has to tell the truth.
Sami bought school supplies from the supermarket.
Police verified Sami's alibi.
Sami won't make that mistake again.
Layla found photos of Sami with other women.
They assassinated the princes by sabotaging their helicopter.
Sami and Layla want to change things.
Sami will serve out the rest of his life behind bars.
It's quite funny to me.
Sami continued building his hiphop musical career.
Sami really believed that Layla and their kids would be better off without him.
Sami and Layla had six kids.
Sami began praying for Layla.
We respect Tom.
I wasn't able to ask for your phone number again.
I think it'll snow tomorrow.
Who do Tom and Mary plan to go with?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to go back there again.
Tom and Mary said they're not making much money.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on going back there again.
Tom and Mary plan on staying at home by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't trust anybody else to do that for them.
Tom and Mary are looking for someone to teach them French.
I wonder when Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still competitive.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are depressed.
I don't know if Tom and Mary still live here or not.
Do you think Tom and Mary are planning on doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary really intend to drink that whole bottle of wine by themselves?
Tom and Mary wished that John hadn't overheard Alice and them talking about him.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were the only ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary knew they barely had enough time to do what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be sleeping when they got home.
Tom and Mary said something to John, but I couldn't hear what they said.
Tom and Mary didn't feel they could do what John was asking them to do.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten to do what they promised us they'd do.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary used the money John gave them to buy something to eat.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out how they can make John happy.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they were very good at French.
Tom and Mary won't likely forget to tell John they won't do that.
Tom and Mary might have some problems we can help them deal with.
Tom and Mary wanted to learn everything they could about Boston.
Tom and Mary probably don't yet know they have to do that today.
Tom and Mary wondered if they had enough money to pay the bill.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea what John would do.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary what time they should come tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know what they were talking about.
Tom and Mary were in a difficult situation, so I helped them.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in his room studying.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember where they'd buried the money.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to retire next year.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat leftovers anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't really going out in this rain, are they?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't going to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to force you to do that.
Tom and Mary are quite capable of looking after themselves.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to worry about that.
Tom and Mary claimed that they could run faster than John.
Do Tom and Mary really think John enjoys eating with them?
I was just told that Tom and Mary were involved in a traffic accident.
I'm not the only one interested in knowing where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they didn't have to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston last week.
Tom and Mary didn't even notice John was looking at them.
We can save a little time if we do what Tom and Mary suggest.
What makes you think Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be doing that here.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe you really did that.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary know how to do that or not.
Tom and Mary don't want to discuss the problem with John.
I don't know why Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
Sometimes Tom and Mary do that and sometimes they don't.
Tom and Mary would leave early if they were allowed to.
The only ones who know how to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they've been forgiven for doing that.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out why that happened.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't smoke anymore.
Tom and Mary were the only people who understood John.
Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get home.
Do you think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Just stay in the kitchen until Tom and Mary go home.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they needed to buy something to eat.
Tom and Mary looked like they were tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know if they could do that or not.
Since Tom and Mary are sick, they can't do that today.
Nothing that Tom and Mary do surprises me anymore.
I really don't think Tom and Mary are going to go.
I didn't know Tom and Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary have to do something this afternoon.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are happy in Boston.
Tom and Mary are much younger than they say they are.
Did Tom and Mary know what they were doing was wrong?
Tom and Mary are going to be here all afternoon.
I think Tom and Mary know what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary said that they were through doing that.
When do you think Tom and Mary want to do that?
Tell Tom and Mary they need to get home before 2:30.
Tom and Mary were hoping we could do that for them.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John did that.
We think we know where Tom and Mary have been.
It's not me that Tom and Mary want to talk to.
Tom and Mary are going to laugh when they see this.
How much money do you think Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary say they never want to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they knew John wouldn't do that.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are responsible.
Tom and Mary asked me to meet them at the station.
Have Tom and Mary talked about what happened?
Who do Tom and Mary usually go surfing with?
Tom and Mary are going to go to Boston next.
I thought I could help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary did that because they had no choice.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I hate them.
Tom and Mary go to school with my daughter.
Tom and Mary say they don't think it's possible.
I thought Tom and Mary were good at French.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to see you.
Tom and Mary are very picky about what they eat.
Why are Tom and Mary reluctant to do that?
Tom and Mary are on the same team as I am.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very happy.
I know what Tom and Mary are likely to do.
Tom and Mary are ready to do that, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary really want us to do that?
Tom and Mary say this is the best they can do.
The children over there are Tom and Mary.
I thought Tom and Mary were here to stay.
I don't think Tom and Mary need to worry.
Tom and Mary admitted that they were homesick.
What do Tom and Mary think of your idea?
Tom and Mary said they'd do anything for you.
I thought Tom and Mary were pretty good.
Tom and Mary have no idea how lucky they are.
Do Tom and Mary still think John did it?
Tom and Mary would've gone if they could've.
Tom and Mary are going to take it slow.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that.
I know Tom and Mary have been arrested.
Tom and Mary could've done it by themselves.
What would Tom and Mary do without us?
Tom and Mary are just passing through.
Tom and Mary said they remember doing that.
Tom and Mary looked like they were nervous.
How well do Tom and Mary speak French?
You hope Tom and Mary win, don't you?
Tom and Mary aren't very influential.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for sure.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd come.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they wanted.
Why are Tom and Mary coughing today?
Tom and Mary told me that they were rich.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do more.
I knew what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary considered themselves lucky.
What if Tom and Mary don't do that?
Tom and Mary are John's assistants.
I think Tom and Mary are brilliant.
Tom and Mary hurt themselves doing that.
Where are Tom and Mary being held?
Tom and Mary told me they were nervous.
I think Tom and Mary are friendly.
Tom and Mary live near you, don't they?
What do Tom and Mary really want?
Tom and Mary took off their overcoats.
Tom and Mary said they needed a favor.
Tom and Mary have kept their promises.
If you ask Tom and Mary, they'll help.
How long were Tom and Mary sick?
Tom and Mary like their coffee black.
I've seen Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they needed money.
Tom and John are very old men.
Tom and Mary said they were hungry.
Tom and Mary are ignoring me.
Tom and Mary played their violins.
Tom and Mary say they don't mind.
I think Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary ate by themselves.
Tom will likely tell Mary he isn't sleepy.
Tom is planning to go tomorrow.
It's going to have to wait till tomorrow.
I wonder whether Tom wants to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is studying French.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever slept on a park bench.
I think everybody should visit at least one other country.
Everyone went to the hospital to see Tom.
Tom and Mary both want to go to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Boston.
Tom and Mary both got sent to the principal's office for misbehaving in class.
Both Tom and Mary are rich.
We're planning on staying together.
It looks like both Tom and John haven't shaved in a couple days.
Tom doesn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tomorrow's a holiday, so I don't have to get up early.
Tom and Mary told me that they were already married.
Tom and Mary are going to get married next summer.
Tom is struggling to pay back his student loans.
Tom will be going back to Australia next week.
Tom is going to play handball this afternoon.
Tom doesn't think Mary does that very often.
That's going to have to be done over again.
I know Tom is likely to regret doing that.
Do Tom and Mary teach at the same school?
Women's clothes are on the third floor.
I don't agree with everything you said.
I've been looking for you all morning.
Tom asked me why I wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't want to go to Australia.
Tom said that Mary was overwhelmed.
Did either Tom or Mary have a plan?
Our offices get cleaned every day.
Tom has several Canadian friends.
Tom said he was glad to see you.
Tom will probably be impressed.
I'm ready to go, but Tom isn't.
Tom doesn't want to help Mary.
Tom is too old to play games.
Tom isn't going to catch me.
Tom needs to wait for Mary.
Tom is on this plane, too.
Tom didn't want to pitch.
Tom will fix the latch.
Can Tom drive a truck?
Tom looks drowsy.
I've seen a lot of Tom recently.
Say a simple phrase.
Sami doesn't pay attention to Layla anymore.
Sami can finally rest in peace.
I've changed my plans. It would be very expensive to move now.
Finland has the most saunas per capita.
Tom and Mary were wearing Santa hats.
I'm convinced Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
First detected in 1985, the Antarctic ozone hole forms during the Southern Hemisphere’s late winter as the returning sun’s rays catalyze reactions involving man-made, chemically active forms of chlorine and bromine. These reactions destroy ozone molecules.
Sami's job was to protect lives.
I told Tom about the nightmare I had last night.
I can't take Layla to the dance.
She was a little anxious.
Sami may want more than casual dating.
Sit down. Breakfast is ready.
When did you learn to make pizza?
Mary wants to declutter her home.
Sami started singing Amazing Grace.
My hands were numb inside my gloves.
I assumed Mary was Tom's girlfriend.
Tom sat in the lotus position.
This pendant must be very old.
Is it inclusive or exclusive?
Sami is trying to adjust to a life that will now be lived in a wheelchair.
How am I expected to help?
You fell asleep with your glasses on.
Sami wanted to save his skin.
Is there a cure?
There was a river of blood spilled.
You must make the bacteria inside you happy.
Good, I'm not alone.
Sami hurt others with his tongue.
Tom is a fearless skier.
Rumor has it that Tom and Mary are friends again.
Tell me who you follow on Twitter, and I'll tell you who you are.
Tom rang. A girl came to open.
This is a lot of work.
They all got laid off.
She's bashful.
Walking out.
Travelling! Ref are you blind?
We'll need some railroad ties for the garden.
This puppy found me.
Sami was a violent man.
The city has a very high population density.
Sitting in sun is good for you.
I don't want to be a stereotype.
We are going to the beach.
I like that lamp.
Mary pulled her shirt up over her head.
She isn't eating.
Tom only buys free-range eggs.
Tom baked his teacher some cookies.
When you know me better you will understand that I cannot always give reasons for what I say or do.
The hotel pancaked after the earthquake. Luckily, we were hiking at the time.
Tom pushed Mary into doing that.
An incompetent business management directly affects the employees.
I should be very much obliged if you would slip your revolver into your pocket. An Eley's No. 2 is an excellent argument with gentlemen who can twist steel pokers into knots.
I noticed a tall, thin, angular man seated in an arm-chair by the fire.
The Professor closed the door carefully behind us, motioned me into an arm-chair, and pushed a cigar-box under my nose.
Take out the recyclables.
Sorry. I didn't mean it like that.
Her children do what they want.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't do that alone.
Tell me about your problems.
Tom told me you told him that I wouldn't go to his party.
Tom told me Mary could do that.
Tom told me he'd like to buy a new bicycle.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been impolite.
Tom told Mary he's decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told everybody he was cold.
Tom sure was mad.
Tom says he hasn't made up his mind yet.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't parked his car under that tree.
Tom said that he thought that Mary's punishment was appropriate.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be absent.
Tom said that he thought Mary was impressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would let him walk her home.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned to do that this week.
Tom said that he'd try to make it to our party tonight.
Tom said that he'd help you do that as well.
Tom said that he'd be busy until 2:30.
Tom said that he won't ever do that again.
Tom said that he wasn't in the mood to do that today.
Tom said that he was terrified of snakes.
Tom said that he was happy he did that.
Tom said that he was asked not to do that again.
Tom said he wanted to be the one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can't win.
Tom said that he only did that because everyone else did.
Tom said that he knew who Mary's husband was.
Tom said that he hopes to continue working here.
Tom said that he hadn't had a good home-cooked meal for a long time.
Tom said that he expected Mary to win.
Tom said that he doesn't know where Mary went to kindergarten.
Tom said that he didn't want me to worry about that.
Tom said that he didn't remember that at all.
Tom said that he didn't know when Mary was born.
Tom said that he didn't have any living relatives.
Tom said that he couldn't do it.
Tom isn't seated, but Mary is.
I have a daughter who's a cook at a restaurant on Park Street.
Tom left without saying goodbye to Mary.
I don't like it when people post my picture on Facebook.
Tom says he wants his things back.
Tom doesn't seem to be as intoxicated as Mary.
I don't have enough money to buy the guitar I want.
You don't seem to be enjoying yourself very much.
If you think I'm going to do that, you're wrong.
I don't visit Tom as often as I used to.
You don't seem to understand what's happening.
I don't think I'll let Tom do that.
Tom is excited, but Mary isn't.
What do you mean Tom isn't in his room?
Tom doesn't seem to be as confident as Mary seems to be.
Tom nodded and left the room.
You don't seem to be as conservative as Tom seems to be.
I'll have plenty of time to do that later.
I can't tell which wine is more expensive.
Tom is angry, but Mary isn't.
Tom will pay for Mary's ticket.
I'd be surprised if Tom didn't do that.
I don't do this as often as I'd like to.
Tom lives near Boston.
Do you really think Tom is enjoying himself?
I almost forgot to tell Tom what he needed to do.
Tom bought a new coat.
Tom is having trouble breathing on his own.
Tom seemed surprised, but Mary didn't.
Tom understands French a lot better than you think he does.
I'm the one who filed the complaint.
I have a brother who's an architect.
Tom and I are the ones who did that.
I'm going to find a way to do that.
I don't want to spend time in jail.
Tom hates paperwork.
I'm able to do that by myself now.
I don't think we ought to do that.
Does Tom ever snore?
I don't think Tom was downstairs.
Tom is at home on Mondays, but Mary isn't.
Mary is no longer my girlfriend.
Tom isn't really in Boston.
Tom loves his son.
I'm going to college next year.
I feel it's my duty to do that.
You don't look very confident.
I think I'm going to be fired.
None of Tom's friends would help him.
Tom isn't impulsive, but Mary is.
Have Tom and I done enough?
I got home just before 2:30.
I have a sister named Mary.
I'll help you after lunch.
I'm going to college now.
I told Tom not to believe what Mary said.
I don't think Tom will be home on Monday.
I don't think Tom is nuts.
Tom didn't seem to be as careful as Mary seemed to be.
Sami didn't kill anyone.
Mary wrote a short story.
I can't feel a thing.
I suspect that Tom is awake.
I suspect Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
I suspect Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
I suspect Tom wants us to help him.
I suspect that Tom was busy.
Let's start by introducing ourselves.
If you'd stuck around, you would've had a lot of fun.
I should've read the signs.
The Atlantic Ocean is only slightly larger than half the size of the Pacific Ocean.
Put on your clothes.
Nice haircut.
There are no quick fixes when it comes to a changing climate.
I'm probably not going to help Tom do that.
Sami was practising medicine without a license.
Tom isn't very likely to be at tonight's party.
Sami was going to kill his daughter.
Tell Tom when you're coming back.
I'm going to the shore.
Sami was able to manipulate women.
Sami destroyed Layla's family.
You look absolutely stunning.
This year's winter is very mild.
I'm not sure Tom is ready to do that yet.
Marie massaged my shoulders.
Sami gave Layla a second chance because he loved her.
I'm not interested in doing that today.
While the date line generally runs north to south from pole to pole, it zigzags around political borders such as eastern Russia and Alaska’s Aleutian Islands.
Sami staggered downstairs.
You should've warned me this might happen.
Tom is a tanner.
Sami didn't learn his lesson.
Don't open this window.
Tom looked at his reflection in the window.
Sami was picked up by police.
There is frost on the grass this morning.
The months of the year are: January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
Mary is the prettiest girl in our class.
Sami weighed a hundred pounds.
Tom was wearing a white sports jacket.
Tom was in a fight last night and lost a few teeth.
Sami delivered a shocking revelation.
Whales can withstand dramatic pressure changes because their bodies are more flexible. Their ribs are bound by loose, bendable cartilage, which allows the rib cage to collapse at pressures that would easily snap our bones.
Sami was bawling.
Sami was going to kill himself.
Sami called his mechanic.
Sami fell to his death.
Sami resumed his life in Egypt.
There's a lot to learn.
Tom was sleepy and so was I.
Sami felt agitated.
Sami learned to read and write in prison.
Sami lived to be 96 old.
Sami's ring finally turned up.
You were right about dead food in boxes and cans.
Did you bring the calendar?
Tell us everything!
Sami served six months in jail.
Sami followed Layla into her house.
The little man let out a frightening roar.
Sami's own father had died six years earlier.
Sami died in Layla's house.
Tom hasn't yet been expelled.
Sami was suspected of the unthinkable.
Sami is not the killer.
Sami made the decision not to do that.
Sami turned down the volume.
Do you have a tennis racket?
Sami sent Layla many letters but they kept bouncing back from Egypt.
Sami is a good man on the inside.
I didn't realize that I had to do that.
You don't like to travel, do you?
I wasn't aware that Tom hadn't yet done that.
The morning light is increasing.
I understand. Many thanks.
Before transport, a layer of plastic was wrapped around the package.
She doesn't stop talking.
Tom is dirty.
I don't know what Tom was talking about.
I didn't really have to do that today.
The dog changed his mind about me.
Stenography is a technique to hide information in plain sight.
How much time did it take to you to swim to the island?
I wasn't aware that was happening.
Tom knows what he did wrong.
Tom already knows about it.
Stephen Hawking once held a party for time travelers. He sent invitations only after the party.
Tom was afraid that he might be expelled.
Do you like this kind of music?
Tom has been living here for a long time.
The devil is an egoist.
I've already told Tom he needs to be there tomorrow by 2:30.
Sami finished the transaction and left.
I can't explain this.
I should've recognized it.
Tom created numerous loud and odorous farts.
Do you know a lot about Tom?
Can we do something to help Tom?
You don't eat very fast, do you?
I know that Tom and Mary are your friends.
How old are Tom's sisters?
Did you remember to bring your notebook today?
Why's this in my office?
Which one of these is your favorite dress?
Why didn't someone tell me?
I go to Boston more often than Chicago.
Sami and Layla had sex in the back of the car.
I didn't know that Tom used to be a professional musician.
I asked Tom about his work.
Here camped the brave Dolopians, there was set / the tent of fierce Achilles; yonder lay / the fleet, and here the rival armies met / and mingled.
I'm willing to go to Boston with Tom.
Sami made a weird selfie.
Sami had a blog.
Sami was looking for Layla.
Sami didn't know where Layla was.
Kansas is exactly in the center of the United States.
Sami was there to take his test.
I wonder who'll help us.
Sami didn't want to argue with that guy.
Sami didn't know what Layla looked like.
Sami filmed the front of Layla's house.
The mother puts the sugar bowl on the table.
I want Tom to admit that he was wrong.
You sing a beautiful song.
Do you still want to see me?
Sirius is a binary star system and is about 8.6 light-years distant from our sun.
Here's the map you've been looking for.
I'll never be able to forget Tom.
Give the key to Tom.
You don't like to talk about Tom, do you?
We won't be able to keep this secret forever.
Doing that will be a lot of fun.
This hat belongs to me.
The coins you throw into the fountain make your wishes come true!
Tom didn't seem as nice as Mary.
I sing the song of him whose bread I eat.
I'm sure Tom will come tomorrow.
Tom didn't tell me where he went.
Tom and Mary just bought a new car.
The path which he traveled to go to the orangeries was swept away.
I know that Tom is worried.
I know that Tom was baffled by that.
At times I think and at times I am.
That's just one of the reasons I don't like Tom.
Did you still want to do that?
Tom enrolled in a French course.
There isn't anything we can do about that.
Somehow we survived.
Tell me what your address is.
You should listen to what I want to say.
Where do you want to be in ten years?
Please write your name at the top of the page.
I think Tom and Mary were talking about John.
Tom is an organic farmer.
If Heaven of such a city naught should spare, / and thou be pleased that thou and thine should share / the common wreck, that way to death is plain. / Wide stands the door; soon Pyrrhus will be there, / red with the blood of Priam; he hath slain / the son before his sire, the father in the fane.
Why does everyone hate Tom so much?
You both need to do that.
Tom should've called us.
I don't believe I've given you reason to act this way with me.
Tom didn't know who had written the letter.
Sami was coming from that coffee shop.
I'm quite happy with the results.
You should have trusted me.
We should have started earlier.
Tom should have been more patient.
You should have done that years ago.
Tom should have been ready an hour ago.
I wasn't as careful as I should have been.
Tom should have put on more sunscreen.
You should have been able to do that much better.
That isn't the main reason why Tom should have done that.
I wish I could have stuck around for a few more hours.
I could have done that without Tom's help.
Tom could have done much better.
Tom would have turned thirty next month if he hadn't died in the accident.
If Tom had had time, I'm sure he would have helped Mary.
I think Tom would have liked to be here today.
I would have done that differently.
I'm ready to accept my punishment.
I'm disappointed Tom isn't here.
I'm on our high school soccer team.
I'm pressed for time.
We can't really predict anything.
Tom must have thought Mary could speak French.
You must have had a hard time.
We're going to travel abroad this summer.
I'm going to play tennis next Monday.
Mary's feet hurt after standing all day at work.
Tom is a generous man.
What kind of things do you do when you and Tom hang out together?
I thought that was very interesting.
We have an offer for you.
I wonder whether Tom will tell Mary the truth.
Can you catch a ball with one hand?
Every subgroup of an abelian group is abelian.
Do you want to go to the movies with me? Or have you already planned something?
I'll come if I have time.
You're ready, aren't you?
Tom is still not completely convinced, is he?
Tom is likely to be awake now, isn't he?
No one saw you leave the room.
You're not supposed to be here, are you?
Tom is fun, isn't he?
I don't think Tom even knows my name.
I'll close the door for you.
Do you enjoy going to museums?
Tom is a good liar, isn't he?
Now I know your secret.
We can take a walk.
Please stop eating.
You're old enough to do that by yourself, aren't you?
With some minor reinforcements, this structure will be able to withstand against anything.
Tom is quite tired.
Tell me if you're happy.
Tom knows Mary lied to him.
Tom is quite limber, isn't he?
That's what's bothering you, isn't it?
Tom is a good worker, isn't he?
I didn't plan to do that yesterday, but I did.
Do you have a knife I can use to cut this string with?
Do you ever listen to the radio? "Yes, I listen to the radio when I'm driving."
Tom is overconfident, isn't he?
I have only half as many books as you do.
Tom is Mary's husband, isn't he?
When was the last time you asked someone for help?
Tom moved out to Los Angeles to become an actor.
A photo on Tom's desk caught my eye.
I like shopping.
Yes, it could be said.
Where does this go?
Nature never breaks her own laws.
How do you usually spend your holidays?
This is locked.
He helped her up.
Tom and Mary looked at each other for a few minutes.
I already told you, I'm not the one who did it.
Why can't I do anything right?
The dog took off after a squirrel and yanked hard on the leash.
She is proud.
The way our relational memory works is very interesting.
When Joan Rivers expressed her support for Israel, she showed no sympathy when asked about Gaza's civilians who were killed by the hundreds.
Go down to the cellar and get some wine.
This restaurant is popular with tourists.
As a medical man, you are aware, Watson, that there is no part of the body which varies so much as the human ear.
Your dog is absolutely precious!
Doing that was fairly difficult.
Yitzhak doesn't want to serve as an ambassador for the Zionist cause.
This store offers a 15-day, no-questions-asked return policy.
It's not what you do, but how you do it that matters.
Half of one's life is a pathetic case of Schadenfreude. The other half is wallowing in one's own misery.
Pipes are occasionally of extraordinary interest, said he. "Nothing has more individuality, save perhaps watches and bootlaces."
She was deadly pale and breathing fast, glancing furtively towards the bed as she fastened her mantle, to see if she had disturbed me.
It's watered down.
Mary applied makeup.
Please, smile.
Thai officials say all 12 members of a boys’ soccer team and their coach have been rescued from deep inside a flooded cave in northern Thailand.
After the encouraging preliminary results, the mood at campaign headquarters was one of cautious optimism.
Social media, like Twitter and Facebook, often release information to the public that has not been verified, or long before a legitimate news organization would release it.
Don't try to talk your way out of it.
We'll be right back after this commercial break.
It was totally worth it!
We both have the same favorite colors.
Tom never kisses me.
I ordered garlic shrimp and steak, but only got two shrimp with my steak.
Tom says that he's never studied French.
Even in hard situations I don't give up.
The results are perfectly in line with the theory of general relativity.
Tom is struggling with the concept.
Renaissance artists were fascinated by Classical art.
The grey wolf is Italy’s unofficial national animal.
The teacher's body was right next to the door.
He was such a good math teacher.
We had a racist teacher.
Apple's share price climbed well over 2 percent in mid-session trading, boosting it about 9 percent higher since Tuesday, when it announced better-than-expected second-quarter earnings and a buyback of $20 billion worth of its own shares.
Do dead people watch us?
A healthy company innovates constantly.
Weeping she spake, with unavailing woe, / and poured her sorrow to the winds, when lo, / in sight comes Helenus, with fair array, / and hails his friends, and hastening to bestow / glad welcome, toward his palace leads the way; / but tears and broken words his mingled thoughts betray.
We go to the theater on Mondays or Thursdays.
The boogeyman kidnaps naughty children.
I like peas.
Sami looked at the dog.
I had six dogs.
He made one good point: your plan is stupid.
We need to consolidate the access control code.
I honestly think vegan sausages have far better mouthfeel than the regular kind.
The Frecciarossa and Frecciargento are Italian high-speed trains.
This pious use keep sacred, thou and thine, / the sons of sons unborn, and all the Trojan line.
I understand that the museum is closed on Monday.
I think that Tom is overwhelmed.
I think that it was appropriate.
I doubt very seriously Tom will be self-conscious.
I don't think that Tom knows if Mary will come tomorrow.
I can't believe that you bought that house.
Tom wanted everyone to know the truth.
Tom is a little different.
Tom took a bus both ways.
Tom is up for reelection.
You're the team's best scorer.
Tom often made us laugh.
Tom died in the robbery.
Why are you so prejudiced?
I'm confident we can catch Tom.
You did that all right.
I thought you'd laugh.
Tom lived with Mary.
I shot Tom three times.
I had no money.
It was quite frightening.
Tom became outraged.
I'll be doing my teaching in French.
We're trying a new approach this year.
Tom will likely be starved.
Tom stepped out of the room.
Tom isn't one of our coaches.
That never happened before.
The rumor seems true.
That's what Tom and I are hoping for.
Tom looks like he was stunned.
Perhaps Tom laughed.
Tom didn't do a stitch of work.
I'll try to do that as fast as I can.
Time marches on.
I was kind of hoping we could do that.
My attention wandered.
Tom seemed to be a nice fellow.
Tom will always be in my heart.
If you explain it, Tom ought to understand it.
Tom is done answering questions.
Tom won't likely be intoxicated.
How could so many people go along with this?
Tom worked hard to get that done.
We went to Sami's adoption ceremony.
Do you really think Tom is ambitious?
Tom doesn't seem to be as secretive as Mary seems to be.
Tom doesn't seem to be doing a very good job.
Tom and Mary bravely defended themselves.
Tom was reading, and Mary was painting.
Tom went to see Mary at the hospital.
Tom unwillingly agreed to help Mary.
Tom was accompanied by his parents.
Tom and Mary texted back and forth.
Are you still waiting for something?
Tom has run the office since 2013.
Have you used it since then?
Do you know how to kiss?
How often does the average Canadian see a doctor?
Tom never laid a hand on me.
I'm determined to do that for Tom.
It's obviously not over yet.
Sami is glad he voted.
I think that's pretty far down on their list of priorities.
I thought that we played a pretty good game.
I think that that was a bad decision.
I don't think Tom was paying attention.
Tom is pretty irritated, isn't he?
Sami ruined the party.
Sami is a little jealous of Farid.
Sami is a little bit too old.
That's why we moved out of Boston.
Sami is mine.
Check back later for updates.
Sami wished Layla good luck.
Sami and Layla read the book together.
I think you shouldn't gone there with Tom.
Tom is with his parents, isn't he?
I didn't think that Tom would be amused by what was going on.
I didn't think Tom would understand.
I didn't think Tom would like this.
I didn't think that Tom would be mad.
Tom tried his best not to be late.
I didn't think Tom really needed to do that yesterday.
Sami only had his cat.
Sami went inside and called the cops.
Sami came to the kitchen to have breakfast.
Tom claims he has psychic powers.
Sami pulled Layla back again.
We don't know for sure Tom is still in Australia.
What is it like in Australia?
We shouldn't be in Australia now.
When are we going back to Australia?
You need to be in Australia next Monday.
Tom went to Australia with me.
Sami was filming Layla.
Sami and Layla kept in contact.
Tom told me that he was planning to go to college in Australia.
Tom thinks I'm in Australia now.
Tom stayed in Australia for a couple of weeks.
Tom met Mary in Australia.
Tom said he wanted to go to Australia.
Tom says that he and Mary went to Australia last winter.
Tom sent this postcard to me from Australia.
Tom said that he enjoyed his time in Australia.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't in Australia.
Sami is still breathing.
Sami waited for about twenty minutes.
Sami stood on the table.
Tom mentioned that he and Mary were planning to go to Australia in October.
I'm thinking about moving to Australia.
I'm really looking forward to going to Australia.
Tom probably isn't going to go to Australia with us.
I'll go to Australia to visit my family for Christmas.
Tom is in Australia on business now.
I was only in Australia for three days.
Tom is going to be in Australia until tomorrow.
I'm now living in Australia.
Sami knew Layla's parking spot.
Sami is a famous YouTuber.
Sami can't room with a dirty person.
Sami doesn't know how to explain this.
Tom has been living in Australia since he was a child.
I think we should go to Australia next year.
I might come to Australia.
I seldom visit Australia anymore.
I have to go to Australia.
I hope to live in Australia someday.
I want you to come with me to Australia.
Sami doesn't care.
Sami is really sweet.
Layla was babysitting.
Sami's house has been renovated.
Sami's story is so crazy.
I know you came to Australia in October.
I know that both Tom and Mary have houses in Australia.
Tom and Mary ran off to Boston and got married after knowing each other for only a few weeks.
I think that Tom did that, even though he said he didn't.
I think that Tom has given up hope.
I think that Tom is doing that as well.
I think that Tom is lonely.
I think that Tom is stingy.
I think that Tom knows why Mary isn't here.
I think that Tom still has to do that.
I think that Tom wanted to do that.
I think that Tom would agree with me.
I think that Tom should be more patient.
I think that Tom will be the next one to do that.
I knew that Tom might not want to do that again.
I knew that Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I know Tom is in love with Mary.
I know that Tom would never lie to Mary.
I thought that you said you didn't see anything.
I thought that you said that you were tempted to do that.
I thought that you might need it.
I thought you said that you wanted to know who Tom was planning on doing that with.
I thought that you were crazy about Tom.
I thought that you wouldn't be so busy.
I thought that the Jacksons were having a party.
I thought that Tom had forgotten something.
I thought that Tom was a French teacher.
I thought that Tom was still single.
I thought that Tom would be jealous.
I thought that Tom wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
I thought that you and I could hang out together.
I thought that that was remarkable.
I thought that maybe I'd go to the supermarket and buy something for dinner.
I thought someone was there.
I thought that I'd be doing that by myself.
I thought that it was marvelous.
Tom thought Mary didn't understand French.
Tom thought that I knew Mary.
Tom thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom thought that Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom thought that you could take care of yourself.
Tom thinks that Mary will be awake until midnight.
Tom thinks that Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom thinks that he can probably take care of himself.
Tom knows that he shouldn't be doing that now.
Tom knows that tonight will be special.
Tom said that we needed to be a little more careful.
Tom said that nobody was there.
Tom said that Mary won't be angry.
Tom said that Mary was planning to go alone.
Tom said that Mary was happy that you did that.
Tom said Mary thought that she might be required to do that today.
Tom said that Mary thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that Mary liked doing that.
Tom said that Mary knew he might not have to do that.
Tom said that Mary isn't willing to do that.
Tom said that Mary is happy that she could do that.
Tom said that Mary didn't think John really did that.
Tom said that it was time to start thinking about doing that.
Tom said that he's never met Mary.
Tom said that his hands were cold.
Tom said that I looked uncomfortable.
Tom said that he's glad he was asked to do that.
Tom said that he's furious.
I may teach French in Australia next year.
I want to spend my whole vacation in Australia.
I took a lot of pictures last month when I was in Australia.
Tom said he thought that Mary was lying.
Tom said that he isn't planning to stay until the end of the concert.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd be able to do that.
I admitted that I did what Tom said I shouldn't do.
I guess you've been to Australia before.
Sami felt so helpless.
Tom had to admit Mary was right.
Tom admitted that wasn't really as easy as he thought it was going to be.
There's no doubt in my mind Tom was the one who did that.
Tom didn't have a chance to visit Mary the last time he was in Australia.
I didn't want to come to Australia, but my parents made me.
Sami felt out of breath.
I was a little bit nervous the first time I had an MRI scan.
This isn't the first time that Tom has lied.
Sami loves greenery and nature.
I'm sorry that I don't agree with you on that matter.
There's no doubt that I couldn't do that without your help.
I'm pretty sure that Tom has relatives in Australia.
I arrived in Australia recently.
I just assumed it wasn't ready yet.
Sami has no idea to this day how Layla got his name and number.
Sami moved out in 2006.
How old were your children when you moved to Australia?
Sami's teacher was really nice.
I assume that you only hire people who speak more than one language.
I think that you should meet Tom in Australia.
I suspect Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Australia with you.
Did you know that Tom was going to go to Australia tomorrow?
I sure hope that Tom comes to Australia in October.
I saw Tom in Australia last week.
Sami didn't see Layla for the rest of the school day.
I hope Tom stays in Australia.
I intend to stay in Australia with Tom.
What's the real reason that Tom didn't want to buy that?
How did you learn that Tom was living in Australia?
Didn't you know that Tom lived in Australia for a long time?
I think that's the reason that Tom doesn't have any friends.
Are we going to be in Australia next winter?
Did Tom visit Australia with you?
Tom seemed surprised when Mary said that she didn't know John.
I wasn't surprised I didn't have to do the same thing you had to do.
It isn't what a man has but what he is that's really important.
It isn't too late to call this off.
It isn't right to treat people like that.
It isn't hard for everyone.
Sami saw something moving.
Sami did this video.
It's a pity that you don't know how to speak French.
It isn't a good car, but it's still a car.
Sami wasn't part of this gang.
Tom promised me he'd be more careful in the future.
Sami was working at a boutique.
I promise that I'll never leave you.
Sami was fresh from high school.
Sami fired many people.
Sami could see the disgust on Layla's face.
Sami didn't expect any of that shit to happen.
Sami's bathroom was clean.
Sami wants us to stay.
I didn't hear anyone yelling.
Sami was in the front yard.
Sami was stealing money from Layla.
Sami made a lot of money.
Sami picked Layla on his team.
Sami has never seen Layla's face before.
Sami was asleep in his own bedroom.
Sami was close to Layla.
Sami doesn't listen to these artists.
Tom told me he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we get there.
Tom told me he hoped Mary would be careful.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was sneaky.
Tom told me he thought Mary was hurt.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was fair.
It's very obvious Tom doesn't understand French very well.
I think that that decision should be made by Tom.
You're the one that should do that.
I had to sit down.
Sami wasn't ready for kids.
Sami had children in his house.
Tom told me that he didn't know.
Tom told me that he had a job for me.
Tom told me that he slept for only three hours last night.
Tom told me that he wanted to do that today.
Sami came in the house.
Sami ruined everything.
I'm afraid that I may hurt you.
Tom denied Mary was the one who told him to do that.
Sami wanted to get on the rollercoaster.
Tom told me that he thought that Mary was irritated.
I told Tom I wouldn't do that with him.
Sami drank a double shot.
Sami had a regular schedule.
Layla was a white lady.
I'm not sure that Tom likes that.
Could you please not talk so loud?
I hope that you're good.
There's a good chance Tom will be the new manager.
There's a good chance Tom will win.
I'm hoping I'll be given another chance.
I don't think that Tom understands that.
I don't think Tom knows Mary is a vegetarian.
I don't think that Tom knows that Mary is upset.
I don't think we should go there by ourselves.
What're the chances that Tom will do that?
I don't think that I can help you do that.
I don't think that you should trust Tom too much.
I don't think that what you're doing is legal.
I don't think that we should be fighting.
I don't think that Tom would ever forget you.
I don't think that Tom will come in this morning.
I don't think Tom will be allowed to do that again.
Sami got into the country by marriage.
Sami never gravitated around wine.
Sami still watches Layla's YouTube channel.
I don't think that I've ever seen anybody do that before.
I don't think that Tom realizes how long we've spent doing that already.
I don't think that there's any point in discussing this today.
I don't think that Tom likes hanging out with us.
I don't think that post offices are open today.
I don't think that Tom wants to do that here.
I don't think that Tom enjoyed the concert.
I don't think that I'll do that anymore.
I don't think that Tom is concerned.
I don't think that Tom is blind.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that this morning.
I don't think that Tom wants to go to Boston with Mary.
I don't think Tom is as stupid as you say he is.
I don't think Tom can afford to buy a car yet.
Tom doesn't care about anybody but himself.
I don't think that I ever knew what Tom did for a living.
I don't think that I've ever seen Tom doing that.
I don't think that I should do that for Tom.
I don't think that I can help you.
I suspect Tom went to Boston last weekend with Mary.
I suspect Tom went to Boston last weekend.
How could Tom not know that that was going to happen?
Sami was doing weird shit.
Sami is a professional scammer.
Sami went back to the sink.
Mary was a little disheartened.
I know that that's impossible.
Tom let us know that he couldn't do that.
I know there will be a lot of good food at the picnic.
I know everything I need is here.
I didn't know what I'd done was against the law.
I'm obliged not to do that.
Sami wanted to go.
Layla has a good hair salon.
Sami has always got away with that.
Sami was causing such a scene at the party.
Sami paid for the wedding himself.
Sami can see it.
Layla could fix Salima's hair.
Sami didn't really have time.
I didn't know that wasn't supposed to happen.
Sami was trying to be a little bit more sympathetic.
Sami didn't wring his loofa well.
Sami tried to steal Layla's new shoes.
Sami remembers every single moment he spent with Layla.
Sami doesn't recommend anyone to go there.
I've eaten it.
Sami wanted to keep it nice.
Sami should already know.
Sami asked Layla to wear that leash.
Sami seemed OK.
Sami's tray tipped over and fell.
Sami asked Layla to put his logo in her video.
Sami hid the little dog in his jacket.
Sami's birthday was six days after Christmas.
Sami forgot Layla's number.
You were only doing your job.
Sami is just too old.
Sami ran as fast as he could.
Sami built a gazebo in his backyard.
Sami knows that Layla loves him.
Sami is there and he's listening.
Sami lived his life.
Sami found Layla's pills.
Sami started dating Layla a couple of years ago.
Tom was convinced that something more was going on.
Sami was with another girl that we worked with.
Sami wrote a response back.
Sami has been so friendly and so kind.
Sami's room reeked of weed and alcohol.
Sami hasn't done drugs for quite a while.
Layla was wearing her nightgown.
Sami's messages were written in Arabic.
He and I are going to the gym.
Sami was literally shaking.
Sami sat in the seat.
Sami started freaking out of his head.
Sami and Layla were in the middle of an argument.
Sami and Layla are no longer together.
Sami missed the first stop.
She asked for divorce because she's always beaten.
Sami started walking off with Layla.
Sami heard Layla calling him.
Sami's bus arrived.
These grapes are delicious.
Sami and Layla went to family counseling.
Sami wanted to go to the rollercoaster.
Sami decided to go to a club.
Layla was being a bitch to me.
Sami was getting picked on by his own little cousin.
Sami and Layla want to go to the mall.
Sami slid the beer across the bar.
Everyone loved Sami.
I take my coffee black.
Sami started talking to me about Layla.
Sami didn't want his parents to find out.
Sami didn't know Layla existed until he was introduced to Farid.
Sami is risking a lot.
Sami was yelling so loud that customers heard him.
Layla was talking to other boys.
Tatoeba is a website.
Sami is just standing there.
Sami wasn't cussing back at Layla.
Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them.
Mary had an awful dream.
Sami was yelling at the girls, trying to get their attention.
Layla was flipping her hair to attract Sami's attention.
I'm going to buy three tickets.
Sami was six years older than Layla.
Sami was trying to cover for Layla.
This is a young girl.
Sami was involved with that.
Tom was late for a meeting with an important client.
Sami never told his parents that he had converted to Islam.
Sami will be back in two hours.
Tom showed the letter to me.
Tom thought the amulet would one day protect him from witches.
Sami's mother is Catholic.
Sami's dog eats peanuts.
Sami traveled the world.
Sami threw the box into a trash can.
Layla was wearing skinny black jeans.
Sami leapt at Layla.
He promises me that he would deal with me so, as he would deal with his most dear brother.
Sami could barely open his eyes.
This flower is brown.
Layla started wearing hijab after she got engaged.
Sami was just fighting blindly.
Layla started wearing a crop top jacket.
Sami already knows the process.
Sami slapped her.
Sami was wiping his mouth.
Sami didn't even look Layla's way.
Tom can't comprehend it.
Who cleaned it?
How about we meet up after work?
Farmers sow seeds in the rainy season.
Tom chopped the carrots.
Why don't you go to the Master? He likes, as you know, to carry things we leave up to his study, or to give them to someone who can return them to us. "You make a good point, how forgetful I am, not to have thought of that!"
Mary covered her head with a shawl.
Tom is very happy indeed.
I think it'll be too much for Mary to handle.
Mary isn't who she says she is, is she?
Mary told me that she'd call tomorrow.
Mary said that she had to leave early.
Mary is stranded somewhere, isn't she?
Mary wouldn't let anyone in her home.
Mary says she was absolutely stunned.
Mary needs to lower her expectations.
Mary is in her third year, isn't she?
Mary earns her living as a guitarist.
Mary told everybody she was jealous.
Mary said she was determined to win.
Mary is taking care of what she can.
Mary is against the plan, isn't she?
Mary asked me why I didn't like her.
Mary says her stomach doesn't hurt.
Mary must still be in her thirties.
Mary is hard to talk to, isn't she?
Mary couldn't hide her frustration.
Mary takes her job very seriously.
Mary outlived many of her friends.
Mary is faster than me, isn't she?
Mary didn't resign. She got fired.
Mary says she declined that deal.
Mary isn't so successful, is she?
Mary is a dog trainer, isn't she?
Mary took her time walking home.
Mary realized she had a mission.
Mary is going to cry, isn't she?
Mary always keeps her room neat.
Mary said she'd found her keys.
Mary is pretty cool, isn't she?
Mary answered her own question.
Mary looks like she's trapped.
Mary tried to hide her anger.
Mary is listening, isn't she?
Mary pondered her next move.
Mary sat alone in her room.
Mary told me she's afraid.
Mary says she won't vote.
Mary greeted her guests.
He liked the idea.
She won't risk hurting herself.
She steadied herself.
He often does that by himself.
She injured herself this morning.
He dried himself with a bath towel.
She can't go anywhere by herself.
She shut herself up in her bedroom.
He wanted me to come get him.
She knows that I lied to her.
She asked me to kiss her.
He asked me to read him some poems.
She clenched her fists.
He explained his reasons to me.
She had her picture taken.
She introduced me to her roommate.
He lost his mittens.
He parked in his usual spot.
She quit her job yesterday.
He skinned his elbow.
He took off his sunglasses.
He works for his uncle now.
He's probably in his room.
He apologized for his actions.
She can't make her own decisions.
She couldn't identify her assailant.
He didn't regret his decision.
She feeds table scraps to her dog.
He got his painting framed.
She hardly ever loses her temper.
He's just told me his plans.
He heard someone calling his name.
She's good at her job, isn't she?
He's going to do it his own way.
He's probably still in his room.
She's used to doing her own cooking.
He thought that he was losing his mind.
He left his dog outside.
He lost his job at the university.
He needs you in his office.
He parked his car in the driveway.
She put her things into a box.
He said goodnight to his parents.
He showed me his garden yesterday.
She still hasn't paid all her bills.
He took a notebook out of his bag.
He unzipped his backpack.
She was scared for her life.
She worked her way through college.
She's confident she'll win, isn't she?
He wasn't impressed by what he saw.
She told everyone she was interested.
He says he always does it this way.
She said that she felt a bit nervous.
He said he likes this time of year.
He may do that wherever he chooses.
He has done this before, hasn't he?
He admitted that he'd been naughty.
She told me that she needed my help.
He says he's not going to do that.
She said that she wasn't very happy.
He said he'd try doing that today.
She said she didn't know what to do.
He isn't sure he wants to do that.
She didn't realize she had to leave.
He told me why he needed my help.
He thinks that he's good-looking.
He said that he'd never leave me.
She said that she didn't like cats.
He said he likes speaking French.
She knows that she's said too much.
She didn't look like she was tired.
She told me that she wouldn't win.
He soon realized he was trapped.
She said that she was unconvinced.
He said he'd be willing help us.
She said she didn't smoke anymore.
She knows she's a terrible dancer.
She did that as fast as she could.
He told me that he was working.
She told me she couldn't breathe.
She said that she'd probably win.
He said he's already done that.
She promised that she'd be there.
He has a black dog, doesn't he?
She told me that she'd be there.
He soon realized he was alone.
She said that she was impressed.
He said he probably won't win.
She let us know she had arrived.
He did that as he was told to.
She told me that she was alone.
He sounded like he was upset.
She said that she wanted to go.
He said he thought you'd win.
She knows what she ought to do.
He admitted he was skeptical.
She told me she can't do that.
She said that she was starved.
He said he likes to do that.
She likes coffee, doesn't she?
He worked until he dropped.
He should stay where he is.
She said she'd be right over.
He looked like he was lost.
He told me he's irritated.
He said that he's excited.
He said he knew the rules.
She admitted she left early.
She said that she was free.
She must pay what she owes.
He told me he was sorry.
She said she wasn't angry.
He wished he could fly.
She said she'd failed us.
He told me he'd cried.
He knows he can't win.
She knew she was right.
He said he'd wait.
They said that they weren't terrorists.
They don't want to clean their rooms.
They consider themselves pacifists.
They're proud of their families.
They pretended they had guns.
They're talking with their friends.
They haven't washed their car recently.
They saw their parents arguing.
They need to pay their own debts.
They work with their hands.
They ended up going by themselves.
They only cared about themselves.
They admitted that they weren't certain.
They didn't have anybody to help them.
They go to school, don't they?
They said they wanted to leave.
They felt their knees tremble.
They looked like they were skeptical.
They said they were heartbroken.
Our parents are friends.
Sami will protect Layla.
Mary suddenly realized her state of undress.
Shoot!
They knead the bread and roll the couscous.
I'm going to the control room.
Why does he want to stop?
Mary threw a big party for her birthday.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't feel like eating.
Tom and Mary said they'd forgotten something.
Tom and Mary said that they felt very humiliated.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be willing to go.
Tom and Mary said they felt the same way.
Tom and Mary said they were very drunk.
Tom and Mary said that they'd like to win.
Tom and Mary said that they did it wrong.
Tom and Mary said they're sorry.
They said that they wished they could do that.
They said that they needed to study French.
They said that they'd rather not eat now.
They said that they like to help others.
They said that they were feeling great.
They said that they'd almost given up.
They said that they'll do that later.
They said they didn't want to argue.
They said they had no other choice.
They said that they're optimistic.
They said they didn't plan to go.
They said they couldn't breathe.
They said that they felt happy.
They said they didn't get it.
They said they had alibis.
Tom and Mary aren't coming back, are they?
They've done what they promised to do.
They wrote down their phones numbers.
Tom and Mary were your friends, weren't they?
They were forced to sell their farms.
Tom and Mary think they know the answer.
Tom and Mary let me know they couldn't do that.
They know they'll be punished.
They took their pens out of their pockets.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't surprised.
Tom and Mary told me that they were agnostic.
Tom and Mary told me they're unbiased.
They told me that they weren't offended.
They told me that they'd sort it out.
They told me they'd rather not go.
They told me they might do that.
They told me they should go.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were afraid.
You could have just told her.
Why does Yidir need to go to Algiers?
Holmes’ cold, thin fingers closed round my wrist and led me forwards down a long hall, until I dimly saw the murky fanlight over the door.
Why did she tell Yidir that?
Why did she let me sleep so late?
What do I do with this piece of rope?
His wife’s name is Liz.
Tom and Mary must've had their reasons for doing what they did.
Tom and Mary say that they still can't believe it.
Tom and Mary say that they've already done that.
Tom and Mary said that the decision was theirs.
Tom and Mary realized that they might be late.
Tom and Mary say that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they never lock their door.
Tom and Mary say that they're really sorry.
Tom and Mary say that they never did that.
Tom and Mary probably missed their train.
Tom and Mary believe that they're right.
Tom and Mary say that they can't win.
They thought that they were going to be busy.
They say that they want their things back.
They're not as pushy as they used to be.
They thought their houses were haunted.
They didn't know where their pens were.
They promised they'd go straight home.
They're not sure what they should do.
They hid the money in their basement.
They say they enjoy teaching French.
They couldn't hide their excitement.
They know what they're looking for.
They say they didn't study French.
They can go with you if they like.
They knew they needed to do that.
They realized they had to leave.
They said that they don't care.
They need to wash their faces.
They knew they ought to move.
They thought they had time.
They hurt their shoulders.
They held their noses.
Where were you for so long?
You knew him at that time? said I. "Yes, I knew him well. In fact, he was an old suitor of mine."
Everyone says that, the whole village and even the peasants in the countryside.
Tom often emails me jokes.
This isn't what we want.
My family isn't all that large.
That isn't how Tom sees it.
Tom is a good-looking guy, but he isn't too friendly.
Tom is the only one who wasn't at Mary's party.
Where did Tom buy this coffee?
Where did he run off to?
Where did he get that hat?
How much for a first class ticket to Boston?
As soon as the train pulled out of the station, Tom realized he'd left his briefcase on the train.
I knew that Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary that she should do that.
I know that I don't have enough time to do everything that needs to be done.
Tom said he thought that it would be better not to do that by ourselves.
I know that Tom doesn't know why I'm planning to do that next weekend.
I know that Tom is a tailor, but I've heard that he's not very good.
Tom told Mary that he couldn't afford to buy her any more jewelry.
I know that Tom didn't know that you wouldn't be able to do that.
I knew that Tom was a gymnast, but I didn't know he was so good.
I knew that Tom would show you how to do that if you asked him.
I know that Tom didn't know who was going to help him do that.
I know that Tom isn't going to be able to do that by himself.
Tom claims that he didn't know Mary was planning to do that.
I didn't know that Tom told Mary to ask John not to do that.
I know that Tom didn't know that he shouldn't do that here.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her bedroom studying.
I know Tom doesn't know that Mary shouldn't be doing that.
Tom isn't the one who told me you didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't know who was going to help him do that.
Tom realized he was the only person who could save Mary.
I know that Tom can't do that now as well as he used to.
You knew that Tom would be able to do that, didn't you?
I know that Tom knows that Mary didn't need to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom was having trouble breathing.
I'm surprised that you didn't know that Tom hated you.
I knew that Tom was expecting Mary to do that for him.
Tom said he expected Mary to be back on October 20th.
I know that Tom doesn't know where he should do that.
I didn't realize that Tom couldn't understand French.
Tom has already decided he isn't going to walk home.
I know that Tom doesn't know when I have to do that.
I didn't know that you were going to let me do that.
Tom didn't know that what he was doing was illegal.
I know that Tom doesn't know why we should do that.
I don't think that Tom really had to do that again.
Tom knows that he isn't supposed to be doing that.
I know that Tom is still interested in doing that.
I knew that Tom knew why I didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I ought to do that.
I know that Tom knows you shouldn't do that here.
I know Tom couldn't stop himself from doing that.
You know that Tom is a ballet dancer, don't you?
I think that Tom isn't going to do that anymore.
I know Tom knows Mary isn't supposed to do that.
I didn't know you wanted to do that by yourself.
Tom said he got to Boston home on October 20th.
I know that Tom used to be a volunteer fireman.
I know Tom is afraid people might laugh at him.
I didn't know Tom would be upset if I did that.
Tom doesn't think he can finish the job alone.
I know that Tom knew Mary knew how to do that.
I know Tom is not old enough to be doing that.
I didn't know that Tom would let Mary do that.
Tom really thought that he needed to do that.
I know that Tom knows when I need to do that.
I know Tom is a much better singer than Mary.
I didn't know Tom wasn't planning to do that.
Tom didn't realize that he could do that.
I know that Tom isn't a very good guitarist.
I know Tom doesn't often do that these days.
How did you know that I wanted one of these?
No one knew Tom could speak French so well.
I know that Tom is a fluent French speaker.
I knew that Tom hadn't intended to do that.
Tom wished he knew how to make Mary happy.
I think that Tom is almost done for today.
I know Tom won't help us do that tomorrow.
I knew Tom was going to ask us to do that.
Tom told me he'd be home on October 20th.
I know that Tom wouldn't like to do that.
I know Tom knows he has to do that today.
Tom and his kids went fishing yesterday.
I know that Tom is a very impatient guy.
I know Tom can't help you do that today.
You knew Tom was a bachelor, didn't you?
I think Tom would be a good babysitter.
I know Tom will show us how to do that.
I hope I don't have to do that anymore.
Tom didn't realize I ought to do that.
I know that Tom is a pain in the neck.
I knew Tom would be afraid to do that.
Tom doesn't want to see anyone today.
I know that Tom is a very good coach.
I know Tom is a dedicated family man.
Tom said he wanted all these things.
I know that Tom is a healthy person.
I knew that Tom would be doing that.
Tom had no idea Mary felt that way.
I know that I have to do that here.
I knew Tom needed to do that today.
I'm pretty sure Tom will be there.
I know Tom isn't allergic to nuts.
You may sit wherever you want to.
I know that Tom is a little late.
I didn't know that I was invited.
I know that Tom is a little odd.
I didn't know you would do that.
I know that Tom is a bartender.
Tom took care of our children.
I know Tom is a house painter.
I know that you want to help.
Tom asked me many questions.
You know that I have to go.
We know you aren't stupid.
I know that you're upset.
Tom set his glass down.
I know Tom is drunk.
I know Tom doesn't have to do that today.
Neither of my parents went to college.
It seems Tom knows that Mary did that.
Lie down.
Everyone in the office was impressed with how Tom handled the problem.
I don't want you to make the same mistake I did.
I'm pretty sure Tom lives in Boston now.
Tell me everything Tom told you.
I feel emotionally drained.
Let's make a movie.
I'm a World War II vet.
Tom realized there was no way he'd be able to do that by himself.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lot of things he has to do today.
Tom was escorted out of the courtroom by armed officers.
Tom didn't seem to want to tell me why he'd done that.
Tom has never dated a girl whose name ends with "s".
I couldn't explain to Tom what was going to happen.
Tom offered no explanation as to why he did that.
Tom didn't tell us when he planned to get there.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of his new hat.
Tom and Mary want to stay for three more days.
Tom didn't tell me how he planned to do that.
Tom hired a detective to follow Mary around.
Tom is unlikely to be here on October 20th.
Tom won't be able to do that as well as Mary.
Neither Tom nor Mary has anything we want.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that today.
Tom doesn't plan to give Mary any money.
Tom knew where the best mushrooms grew.
Tom won't be allowed to do that alone.
Tom and his friends built a log house.
Tom brought his dog camping with him.
Tom and I don't speak to each other.
Tom wouldn't mind if you did that.
Tom was headed in that direction.
Tom should've kept his promises.
Tom should be allowed to drive.
Tom is unlocking the door now.
Tom is a wealthy businessman.
Tom does that every evening.
Tom is looking for that.
Tom isn't a perfectionist.
Why did you do that by yourselves?
She doesn’t have a television set, but from time to time, she watches things on her computer.
I am not threatening you.
A friend is one who, knowing all your secrets, still likes you.
I studied Inuktitut some time ago.
The news of Russian election interference will roil parliament.
Tom has already quit.
Tom wrote Mary's number on a napkin.
I'm so sorry, but you caught me at a bad time; I'm on my way out the door. Could you call back later?
The rooster is crowing.
Long live the Berber language.
We're going to Australia for three months.
Did they forget tomorrow's my birthday?
I have no idea where Tom is right now.
Tom got his children a puppy for Christmas.
He wept bitterly.
Mary asked Tom to sit quietly.
There are oak trees in this forest.
Who's your favorite Canadian singer?
Where was Tom born and raised?
I thought Mary liked this kind of music.
You're too greedy wolfing the food down.
Tom is making sandwiches, isn't he?
Tom was thirteen years old when he moved to Boston.
Tom is rich, but he's not as rich as Mary is.
Tom is only three months younger than me.
Tom is interested in joining our team.
Tom is traveling with his children.
Tom showed Mary the documents.
Tom seemed very disappointed.
Tom is scared of everything.
I think I'm having a heart attack.
Tom is still quite busy.
We have to start at dawn.
I'm still interested.
I'll do my part.
It would be a good idea to do that by yourselves.
I've been trying to resist the urge to do that.
Most of us still wish Tom would do that.
I couldn't just stand there and say nothing.
Tom is a journalism student, isn't he?
I didn't want Tom to think I was crazy.
I was shocked to hear what was going on.
I didn't expect Tom to do that for me.
Mary is back with her ex-husband.
I'm happy with how things turned out.
Neither of us can do that very well.
We want to get to know Tom better.
When did you buy this mayonnaise?
Do you still have any money left?
Why does Tom need that information?
I won't eat breakfast tomorrow.
Tom is a really good cook, isn't he?
We had ice cream for dessert.
I'm happy that you did that for me.
In the sky, a ray of light appeared.
Sami played Quran for me.
The whole sky had looked like gold.
At last she came. The little mermaid stood eager to see her beauty, and she was obliged to confess that a lovelier creature she had never beheld.
Although studies in the social sciences have yielded interesting results, replicating the studies has proven difficult.
I wanted to learn Berber fast.
Mary is wearing a t-shirt with "No Kissing!" written on it.
My wife speaks Berber.
He went abroad, and returned not again.
His daughter's health was weak.
We moved to Kabylie, Algeria.
I spent a month and a half in Kabylie, Algeria.
With a few notable exceptions, the language of opera is Italian.
The lady smiled, courtesied, and gave her hand to the Marquis.
Are you really going to spend your life here?
Tom and Mary are homesick.
It's complicated, said Tom.
Tom climbed from the tree.
Currently, many fruits and vegetables come from thousands of kilometers away.
You are so cold towards your son.
Even though the distance between us is great, we still communicate.
Distance creates beauty.
Tom is drinking with Mary.
His nose looks like a potato.
My email address has changed.
Nobody knows where he is.
Tom is still in the cave, isn't he?
Winning is not important, rather, team-work is important.
Tom's case is pretty unusual.
Tom visited the elephant sanctuary.
You shouldn't judge me, because you don't know what's in my heart.
I don't write letters often.
Yasmin is Brazilian.
Even if that's true, what's the difference?
We started hugging and kissing each other.
This is the first time that I've ever put out a fire with sand.
Look, Marie, do you know that man over there?
Nothing's on TV.
Do you have your own bank account?
I was able to do that this morning.
When do you get up in the holidays?
It'll take a long time to clean this mess up.
We have to finish everything before Tuesday morning.
Have you bought a cantaloupe?
This is my Spanish student ID card.
I'll help you if you're in trouble.
She can speak Berber.
It's time you got a haircut.
I'm sorry. That was an error on my part.
We invited Tom to the dinner party.
Come ye, therefore, let us go down and there confound their tongue, that they may not understand one another's speech.
Having worked on the farm all day, we were completely tired out.
Why are you so energetic?
Mary cannot see or hear.
I think it is my enemy.
I film all my videos in Berber.
I need to go back to Kabylie, Algeria.
I still want to get a lot.
Women and men are equally bad drivers.
He lives in Paris.
Delete Tom's name from the list.
Hana is a Japanese citizen.
I am either going to watch a movie, or chat with my friends.
Why didn't you get married in Australia?
But he said: Lord God, whereby may I know that I shall possess it?
I can't thank my mother enough for what she did for me.
The flag of Kabylie is the flag of Algeria.
Algeria belongs to OPEC.
Hi, Tom. Good morning!
That would have horrendous results for Algeria.
Political censorship needs to be dismantled in Algeria.
It's not a good idea to offend a boxer's wife.
Things weren't always like that in Algeria.
He bought me a necklace.
This will be an excellent addition to your resumé.
I live in the apartment below Tom's.
Algeria needs to decrease public spending.
When I hear her speak Berber, I cringe.
I want to understand the geopolitics of Algeria.
Why does Tom like wearing hats?
I presume you don't speak Berber.
Are you Algerian?
Algeria needs major labor reforms.
They were dancing to Kabyle music.
And when he wept with a loud cry, Isaac being moved, said to him: In the fat of the earth, and in the dew of heaven from above, shall thy blessing be.
He went to Kabylie to learn Berber.
They decided to settle in Kabylie.
This car has power windows.
I do remember our house in Kabylie.
I'm afraid it'll rain tomorrow.
I'm tired of your bragging.
After two years Pharaoh had a dream. He thought he stood by the river, out of which came up seven kine, very beautiful and fat: and they fed in marshy places.
Tom told himself that there was no reason to panic.
The squirrel was about six feet away from us.
Bring two.
Do not use the hammer.
And we answered thee, my lord: We have a father an old man, and a young boy, that was born in his old age; whose brother by the mother is dead; and he alone is left of his mother, and his father loveth him tenderly.
And thou shalt dwell in the land of Goshen: and thou shalt be near me, thou and thy sons, and thy sons' sons, thy sheep, and thy herds, and all things that thou hast.
Mary didn't wave back.
Things are never black and white.
They had fun.
By definition the fact it’s depression means it’ll be an acquittal.
I’d like to begin by talking about the current situation.
What a struggle where was!
Before the meal was over they were quite good friends.
I'm a friend of his.
People almost always react to frustration in the same way.
His eyes are more beautiful than wine, and his teeth whiter than milk.
I opened.
All praise for him.
You're a fisherwoman.
He deliberately set the house on fire. Then he watched from a distance how firemen tried to fight the fire.
The product is sterilized and aseptically packed.
Time flies fast.
And Lamech lived a hundred and eighty-two years, and begot a son. And he called his name Noah, saying: This same shall comfort us from the works and labours of our hands on the earth, which the Lord hath cursed.
One more moment and I'll disappear.
Do you have to read that report today?
This wall scanner uses radar technology.
Tom's back at the mission.
It's necessary if we want to remain unhurt.
I'm recording.
God is One, there is no god besides God, Muhammad is the messenger of God, and his message is the truth from God.
Sami found Layla's Facebook on her Tinder account.
They still communicate with each other.
Tom is not a confrontational person.
Today I will do it.
Sami needs to look after his daughter.
I made them breakfast.
Does Tom ever grow tired?
Sami and Layla were making out in the back room.
Tom has gone camping with some of his friends.
I'll see if I can get Tom to do that for us.
And have taken to wife Ruth, the Moabitess, the wife of Mahalon, to raise up the name of the deceased in his inheritance lest his name be cut off, from among his family and his brethren and his people. You, I say, are witnesses of this thing.
Sami could not speak at all.
Sami's home was destroyed by a storm.
Tom is sad because his dog died.
Sami likes assertive women.
The Lord said to him: Who made man's mouth? or who made the dumb and the deaf, the seeing and the blind? did not I?
Sami was driving an old car.
Sami likes to do digital music.
Sami got security on Layla.
The crown prince startled and stared at the speaker.
Why did Tom leave in such a hurry?
Sami got another message from Layla.
Sami came to get his girlfriend.
Sami lived in the middle of the woods.
Sami got the cops involved.
Sami was at a resort.
Why didn't you call and let me know that you were going to be late?
Sami was babysitting the kids.
Sami was a child.
But if thou refuse, and withhold them still: Behold my hand shall be upon thy fields; and a very grievous murrain upon thy horses, and asses, and camels, and oxen, and sheep.
Sami and Layla are going to the studio.
Sami needs to take another break.
Sami took part in a big modeling gig.
I didn't realize you wanted me here at 2:30.
Sami took Layla into the living room.
Mennad wanted to do that thing.
She is always careless about time.
Mennad is driving from Cairo to Alexandria.
Mennad is the only person Baya had ever had sex with.
Mennad's neighbors are starting to come out.
Tom is almost ready to start.
Mennad tried to figure that out.
I didn't think that Tom knew how to do that.
Mennad wanted to get help.
Mennad hates coloring books.
This advertisement would deceive people.
Do you know the reason why Tom cut class today?
Mennad went there a day before school started.
Mennad will be avenged.
Mennad became depressed.
Mennad is sick.
Watch the papers.
You're never on my side.
I can't hear your voice.
I need a larger pair of shoes.
Mennad didn't drive.
Is your name Mennad, too?
Mennad is paying the bills.
Mennad didn't want Baya to find out about this.
Tom doesn't floss his teeth.
What does it cost to go to the movies in your country?
Tom is a physical education teacher.
How do you say "thanks" in Berber?
Who's supposed to be doing that?
Your sheep and herds take along with you, as you demanded, and departing bless me.
Maybe you should do what Tom suggested.
She saved a lot of lives.
What's the most convenient way to get to the airport?
Mennad went to high school.
Mennad has no brakes.
He keeps his bicycle in the basement.
Mennad is studying fruit flies.
Tom is now in heaven.
Mennad has not got a customer yet.
Sweet and sour pork is my favorite Chinese food.
What is the hardest cheese?
Mennad pushed hard.
I know you don't like chicken.
Doing that won't be as easy as it looks.
That was a while ago.
Mennad is excited to see Baya.
I have heard a lot about you from Mennad.
They went to the swimming pool.
Mennad and Baya got back together after a week.
Mennad must be new.
French is useful.
Mennad filled out the paperwork.
Mennad didn't want to hurt people.
Mennad is a patient.
We're all out of bread.
Mennad needed help.
Mennad is a nurse graduate.
Mennad got back on the highway.
Mennad stole a bicycle.
Mennad was shitting in a place in full sight of the road.
Baya was having a rough month as a mother.
In Kabylie, everyone speaks Tamazight.
It's better not to go there.
Don't watch this video.
Mennad couldn't breathe properly.
Mennad was chasing Baya.
Mennad was still living with his ex-girlfriend.
I got a lot of work done today.
I want a bigger refrigerator.
This is the word that the Lord hath commanded: Let every one gather of it as much as is enough to eat; a gomor for every man, according to the number of your souls that dwell in a tent, so shall you take of it.
Even though I was injured, I drove myself to the hospital.
Tom drives a very nice car.
A ceremony will be held at sea for the families of the sailors who died.
Tom is getting in his car right now.
You need him.
Tom showed the picture to all his friends.
I'm the one who drives.
You can link and unlink sentences.
Thou shalt not commit adultery.
We'll see Tom tomorrow.
I can't wear these shoes.
Tom is a Mancunian.
Tom has died for your sins.
Tom is a much better tennis player than Mary.
Tom munched on the popcorn.
It's nice to see her having a good time in Kabylie.
Mary was constantly looking at her phone.
Nice dress. "It's a traditional Kabyle dress."
Tom and Mary got their teeth fixed when they were teens.
Modern Algeria has been a failure.
Only the people with stone souls love themselves. There's no glory in them, and it's no surprise. While other people are so empty on the inside that one can't find heat of a stone in them.
Ross was a widow whose husband, a member of the local militia, was killed in a gunpowder explosion.
The consulates of Algiers require foreigners to convert to Islam to marry an Algerian.
In Kabylie we eat couscous, the iconic dish of kabylie.
I dream of having my own company.
I haven't drunk beer for a week.
The Algerian army has raped Kabyle women.
US President Donald Trump imposed a freeze on all Venezuelan government assets in the United States on Monday, aimed at removing President Nicolas Maduro from power.
Algeria doesn't have many high-rise buildings.
How did you feel when she said that?
Mennad has a nice cellmate.
I need to learn how to defend myself.
Many Muslim people died protecting non-Muslims.
Which way is the star moving?
Tom taught me to fold an origami shuriken.
He thought that he needed a new direction in life.
Algeria's population needs to be detribalized.
I'm learning lots of things about Islam.
Berber and Ancient Egyptian are Afroasiatic languages.
I studied literature in Berber.
Berbers are very genetically distinct from Native Americans.
His Facebook was cluttered with Islamophobic posts.
We already speak Berber.
She hid behind the trunk of the nearest tree.
My sister was telling me about the badgers she saw in the woods.
I need to buy some Tipp-Ex for tomorrow.
Scientists are known for inventing, but the average scientist usually adds to their field by innovating new ways of doing things or improving a product.
Love is like soup, you have to avoid letting it cool down.
Tom is looking forward to Mary's visit.
I can't breathe well.
Algeria will never be in complete poverty.
The bears love the honey.
She's from Scotland.
You are welcome at my place.
Both of my parents were born in Algeria. I'm Algerian.
He copied me.
Tom cleaned up the garden.
Tom is the one that told me about that.
He did love them.
Everybody knew Tom didn't want to visit Australia.
I didn't know that there was anything else to do.
I thought you said that no one here could speak French.
He is not interested in it.
I think that that's exactly what Tom is expecting you do.
He sat on my coat.
I think that it's time for me to confront that problem.
I told Tom that it was a bad idea.
Did Tom really say he thought that I was smart?
Overtourism is a problem.
Tom knew Mary told everybody she was going to do that.
Let's not let the darkness win.
I didn't realize I needed to be here yesterday.
Is it true Tom can't speak French?
Tom likes rococo architecture.
I think that that's a bad idea.
Algeria is resource-rich.
They're part of a Christian extremist group.
Some of the passengers were pretty badly burned.
Located in North Africa, Algeria is the largest country on the continent.
Is that boy a student?
He drove to the mosque to pray.
He studied in Algeria.
I would like to help him.
It's never too late to give up.
This translation is inaccurate.
These notebooks are yours.
I knew that I'd be busy today.
Has she completed this form?
If you like her, then get ready!
I made a more elaborate video about it.
Did the scientific Adam really exist?
Who smiled at you?
They showed me a card.
Tom likes everybody and everybody likes him.
During the 80s, tourists from Poland came to Kabylia to hunt wild boar.
Noureddine Bedoui is the Algerian prime minister.
Tom doesn't believe that that's true.
Your content is very important.
She contracted a bacterial infection called Clostridium difficile which turned into sepsis.
I'm going to go get some milk.
The construction of the huge building started a long time ago.
I said that I'll do that for you.
Islam isn't violent.
It's not an easy subject to write about.
He's gurgling with soda.
He has to cross the river four times.
One of these two cars is new, the other is old.
They did not want to go to Albania.
I need a vacation soon.
I don't believe what I am seeing.
You are not as lucky as her.
I didn't care for that.
I want to see everybody.
He made a PowerPoint presentation about Islam.
I never saw that guy again in my whole life.
Can you have a girlfriend in Islam?
We have to go pray.
He's learning about Islam.
Islam is a comprehensive religion.
Islam is so beautiful.
No one could question Elijah Muhammad.
How can I measure my progress through the Berber language?
He was talking to his doctor.
I translated it into Berber.
I will not become Muslim.
He has never read the Quran.
He studied Berber for a long time.
His youngest son was born in Algiers.
He lived in the new house.
She colors her clothing with recycled avocado pits.
Is there freedom of religion in Algeria?
He immediately started reading the Quran.
Your car is two years old.
In Vietnam, forecasters say 1 million people will have to leave the Mekong River Delta, the country's rice bowl, by 2050.
I think that you're a good father.
This durable oak deckchair comes with a floral canvas cover.
I think that I played pretty well.
Keep locked shut.
That was his first contact with Islam.
A doctor visited a patient to give good news and bad news: "The bad news is: you won't live longer than the end of this day. And here comes the good news: I forgot to say that to you yesterday."
Are you an only child? "No, I have two brothers and three sisters."
Tom's parents usually speak French to each other.
As Christians, we believe that Jesus is God.
How much money will it cost?
Grizzly bears can be extremely aggressive.
My beer, please.
Ultraviolet radiation can cause skin cancer, cataracts, suppress immune systems and damage plants.
I'd like to live in a French-speaking country.
I'd prefer to eat something else.
Who knows where he was?
Tom is a great French teacher.
Use Google.
Read the Bill of Rights.
I wish that I were on the same team as Tom.
They talked about Berber.
In 1830, the French crossed the Mediterranean and invaded Algeria.
Berber is the only language they speak.
How did he learn of his uncle's death?
He's dying and he wants to see the kids.
He fixed the water heater.
Mary is the heiress to a large fortune.
I can't understand Tom anymore.
We couldn't have had a worse time.
Tom made sad puppy eyes.
They didn't know how to react.
The computer is on the desk.
I was born in Algeria. I love Algeria.
Let's learn some Berber adjectives.
It's better to be a good person who swears like a trooper than a quiet well mannered piece of shit.
We're talking about football.
Tom did something really bad.
Last month, he went to Spain.
I'm your lawyer now.
Her husband just died a year ago.
You know more than you think you do.
Mennad is a kind person.
Tom bought two advance tickets for a Boston Symphony Orchestra show taking place in Chicago.
Frédéric Chopin was a Polish composer and pianist of the Romantic era.
I knew that something like this might happen.
Tom was one of those present.
It'll take lot of time.
These aren't very important.
This is an interesting place.
Luckily, Tom didn't get fired.
I don't know who was there.
The sooner you start doing that, the better.
Why did everybody lie to me?
Tom doesn't believe Mary.
Tom doesn't really know so much about basketball.
How long did it take you to save up enough money to buy a house?
Is Tom dependable?
Where do you draw the line?
I wasn't able to find work.
They all ate the food.
I've been a member of this club for a long time.
How many lawyers do you think there are in Boston?
It's three fifty-five.
The Muslims' God understands only Arabic; but one can pray to other gods in any language.
You are in love with Tom?
I was pleased to hear that.
Tom was offended by your remarks.
I think that we all have the similar interests.
You need to be careful when driving on ice.
How hot does it get here in the summer?
It seems that hasn't been done yet.
Tom ran so fast we couldn't catch up with him.
Empty lots remain where homes used to stand.
Tom slowly moved forward.
Tom has called me many times in the last 24 hours.
Do you think that Tom talked to Mary?
I think that it's time I left.
May I attend the ceremony?
I know you're in shock, but you've got to help us.
Tom is abusive.
I'm feeling lonely.
Tom is a prisoner of war.
A wild turkey attacked Tom.
Tom is looking for answers.
The police are going to question Tom.
Tom has been asked to go home.
Tom seemed irritated by the delay.
Tom is trying to calm his dog.
Israeli Hebrew is based on the Sephardi reading tradition.
This building is not a house.
Tom is leaning against the wall.
We're going to Tunisia. "Algeria."
I'm trying hard not to laugh.
Tom didn't die of natural causes.
Tom is usually the first one to finish eating.
Tom was captured immediately.
Tom is living well beyond his means.
I felt really proud.
She has become Muslim.
Tom did that because he was drunk.
Tom is incredibly forthright and honest.
Tom is hoping that Mary will smile at him.
All the speeches were in French.
Tom was pale with fear.
Tom got here at 2:30.
I'm a bit of a coward.
Tom is happy his landlord lowered the rent.
I felt loved.
I got a haircut just last week.
This heat is suffocating.
It's a story about animals.
Let's roll up our sleeves and get to work.
I'm not using this.
Tom is waiting for us at the gate.
He told me about his tattoo.
No one's perfect, except me.
Tom seemed surprised that Mary couldn't do that.
Is French easy to learn?
You're even lovelier than in your picture.
I wanted Tom to meet me after school.
He ate a lot but he never put on an ounce.
He took poison.
Have you drained the bathtub?
He's on the top floor.
We are in for some changes.
Mary isn't as pretty as she thinks she is.
I'm not at all tempted to do that.
That man was hitting on her.
You need to defend yourself.
I cleaned my feet.
I'm richer than Tom is.
I've been trying.
Thank you for your help. "No problem."
He's in Algiers.
I've learned that that's OK.
Tom became a chef.
I've been asked not to do this again.
I've been given another chance.
No one has been hurt.
I think I misspelled your name.
He will tell her.
I asked so many questions about Islam.
The doctor said that.
Tom likes it here in Boston.
The young man's name is Tom.
Did you have to study French in high school?
He wants to change his name.
I'm not gonna be your girlfriend.
Islam is a very good religion.
I won't take Tom back.
Tom is on a camping trip.
Tom doesn't come from a rich family.
He heard her speak without an accent.
Looks like Esther's back on her bullshit.
Tom says he doesn't like weddings.
Tom is dating an actress.
Tom is a trickster.
Tom brewed beer.
She's super attractive but doesn't notice she is.
He's giving the guests gift bags.
I guess you know Berber, right?
As a Muslim, I always try to be good to my parents.
We admire him for his knowledge.
In the privacy of her bedroom she writes in her diary.
The sales assistant helped me to select an excellent moisturizer for my face.
Look at Tom and me.
He still acts as a child.
People want to live and work in peace.
Thousands of Indonesians are unable to return to their flooded or water-logged homes.
I really love this place.
Not everyone does that.
The bus that Tom is on should be here soon.
There's an emergency exit in the back.
I'll never forget what you've done for my family.
The party yesterday was way too noisy.
Tom didn't come here by himself.
He could be in prison.
There are three roosters and two hens.
Planning experts and local officials say suburban sprawl has negative impacts on the environment, puts a heavier burden on local services, isolates people, and excludes lower income households and households with people of color from certain communities through economic means.
Only Anton can answer that for you.
Tom has a PTSD service dog.
Why did you tell me that you didn't have a dog?
One of the men over there is Tom's father.
Why doesn't anyone ever hitchhike anymore?
She is in the third trimester of her pregnancy.
It went as well as we could've expected.
Here's the email that I received from Tom.
When did Tom go home?
Tom would cry if he saw this.
He was sitting silent for half an hour.
He's safe.
He can win.
I kicked him.
He isn't bad.
He came late.
He's no fool.
He isn't nuts.
He was hooked.
He's charming.
Dance with him.
He isn't nasty.
He seems young.
He won't argue.
He's energetic.
I can take him.
He forgives you.
He looked drunk.
He sleeps a lot.
He was very shy.
He's against it.
He's our leader.
He began praying.
He got exhausted.
Here, take this!
We didn't make this decision.
Let's tip a few tonight.
He doesn't know what else to film.
I found what I was looking for just where Tom said it would be.
Her belly button ring was so cute.
He broke some bones in his arm and hand.
She knew you loved her.
I'm not rich, but I'm happy.
He's a very gentle person.
I'm not as patient as I used to be.
Tom began to study French when he was thirteen years old.
I can't believe that anyone would try to do that.
I don't think that we can come to your party.
Tom lost his footing and fell off the ladder.
Tom didn't tell anybody else.
If you lower the price, I might buy it.
I'm 100% Algerian.
She's dying for that cake.
She has a bit of a crush on him.
She has confidence in him.
He spoke up for her.
She'd never hit him.
He received a letter from her.
He sold his car to her.
He did his best to catch up with her.
He apologized for the inconvenience he'd caused her.
She said she'd always love him.
He said he was worried about her.
She thinks she knows where to find him.
She said she needed to get in touch with him.
He realized that there was nothing he could do to help her.
She threw an empty beer can at him.
It was ridiculously easy to do that.
He ordered three hot dogs for himself and one for her.
He went to Boston to look for her.
He explained the joke to her.
He should have apologized to her.
He begged us to help him.
He had problems with her.
She began to worry about him.
He still appears to have a crush on her.
He noticed a change in her.
She could replace him.
She tried to rob him.
He decided to help her.
He wanted to confront her.
He can't seem to avoid her.
She pretended not to like him.
He asked if anyone had seen her.
She didn't have any reason not to believe him.
I thought it was very easy.
It's been a pretty busy week.
He found her in her bedroom.
He wished he hadn't told her he loved her.
She told him she didn't want him to go to Boston.
He's going to have to do it all by himself.
She's fussy, isn't she?
She's devious, isn't she?
She's outspoken, isn't she?
He's productive, isn't he?
She's your sister, isn't she?
He's wearing red, isn't he?
He's kind of late, isn't he?
She's a slow walker, isn't she?
She's still on duty, isn't she?
He's an art student, isn't he?
She's washing dishes, isn't she?
He's in the audience, isn't he?
She's going to complain, isn't she?
He's good at doing that, isn't he?
She's a very fussy eater, isn't she?
He's great with children, isn't he?
She's scared to go outside, isn't she?
Tom had enough of screaming idiots.
Algeria needs to get rid of its bureaucratic managers.
She didn't do that with him.
She went to the circus with him.
He tried to make friends with her.
She still seems to be in love with him.
She doesn't know why he quit his job.
He drew a picture of her and her dog.
We need to defeat corruption in Algeria.
Do you think Tom knows I like Mary?
She'll meet him today.
She'll go swimming with him tomorrow.
He said he hopes that she won't do that by herself.
She was by herself.
He can't possibly do that by himself.
She's been told not to try to do that by herself.
She herself was silent.
She tried to drown herself in the bathtub.
He wanted to prove to himself that he could do it.
He wanted to keep her all to himself.
He cut her hair.
Tom wasn't the only victim of that accident.
Things didn't go the way we expected them to.
I need to go to Boston with you.
It escapes me who said that.
I will get some snacks.
That's the way I remember it happening.
I grow tomatoes and onions in my garden.
Giraffes live in isolated groups.
Let's feed the giraffes.
Tom needs to learn to protect himself.
A team of health officials will board the ship to conduct health checks on the 1,455 passengers and 802 crew members before they will be allowed to disembark.
Giraffes live in semi-arid open woodlands.
He planned his return to Algeria via Germany.
Tom's door was wide open.
Blesboks live in large herds.
Don't think only of yourself.
He was arrested for being drunk and disorderly.
Smoking is not allowed on this bus.
The young giraffe followed his mother like her shadow.
Algiers needs better sidewalks.
The baby giraffe needs to be able to run within hours of birth.
Tom found a dead bird in the chimney.
Algeria and China need to strengthen their relations.
We visited some of Algeria's most remote corners.
He sliced the banana with a knife.
Tebboune has a 54-point program for Algeria.
I'm just that kind of person.
He didn't say and I didn't want to ask.
Algerians need to put their faith in Tebboune's government.
How did you get Tom not to come?
These towels are wonderful.
He fled to Algeria in 2004.
He traveled to the south of Algeria.
Tom's main job was to cook for the other prisoners.
This might come in handy one day.
It's going to be a hot day tomorrow.
He checked into an annoyingly expensive hotel.
Algerians should eat more meat.
We need time to come up with a plan.
She says that she wants to be buried here.
Tom got a loan to buy a car.
He applied the band-aid on his finger.
When are you going to publish these findings?
They applied for a license to reintroduce wildcats in this area of Algeria.
Tom started playing the tuba when he was thirteen years old.
Are these products available in Algeria?
Algiers is not a bad place.
Marina likes this kind of music.
Stop posting spoilers.
Algeria needs to take climate protection seriously.
Larbaa Nath Irathen used to be the cherry capital of Algeria.
The police believe that Tom may have fallen asleep behind the wheel.
Good that you came.
Tom got here really late this morning.
We want to try to do that.
People laugh at you behind your back.
Algiers's most famous amusement park is located in a neighborhood called Benaknoun.
She always considered him a faithful husband.
Don't be like this.
Don't mess them up.
Why are so many people here?
Can Algiers become a zero-emissions metropolis?
He grew an allergic reaction towards shellfish.
There was a dramatic reduction in output in China last month as a direct consequence of the spread of the coronavirus.
Berlusconi is a piece of shit.
I hope you don't snore.
Where do you want to install the towel rack?
My basement has nothing in it.
I shot at you.
Many Algerians love Bollywood movies.
Algeria has reduced its oil production.
He left Algeria in 2004 to escape charges of money laundering.
What happened there was tragic.
Algeria has started to use solar energy for public lighting.
What's the distance between Lagos and Chongqing?
His cousin is like her age.
He saw her fighting at the park.
He kicked Skura in the face.
Tom turned a pale blue.
“I think most people now feel like we are headed towards a recession if not already in a recession, at least in the United States, if not globally,” said Shaki Abbas, director of economic policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center.
Does Algeria need to put in place stricter measures to stop the propagation of the coronavirus?
I want you to write an essay about the chapter.
All is for the best in the best of all possible worlds.
He might have read the letter.
I guessed you would come.
They only do what they are instructed to do.
Classes have moved online.
Alert the neighbors!
Tom and Mary made some chocolate chip cookies.
She cut my hair.
Thank you for protecting our family's home. Be careful not to get infected with the new coronavirus.
I worked alone.
Tom fears a breakdown in law and order.
I have acted pursuant to your wishes.
Goldie is a lucky dog.
He missed the last bus.
Doesn't she take care of your children?
Would you like to see his picture?
It's some kind of footwear.
Don't cough at me, asshole!
In these past weeks, the lives of millions of people have suddenly changed.
He was lying to them about his age.
She organised a rescue effort after the flood while you turned tail and ran. She's the one who's praiseworthy, not you.
Manali has read almost every book in the Western canon.
The winner of the second semifinal will play against the winner of the first semifinal.
The 17th century king Shivaji is widely regarded as a folk hero by the Marathi people.
Meals on Wheels volunteers deliver daily hot meals to adults over the age of 60 who are homebound.
I was feeling so demotivated in life until you came along.
Tom is on a performance improvement plan.
“It was fun because they sang happy birthday, we did a scavenger hunt and we did a dance party,” Emma added.
The more I sleep, the less I dream.
Hinchley said the crisis has increased the awareness of many Americans of the source, and supply chain, of what they are eating.
Our technologies can record phenomena well outside the realm of human visual abilities.
Tom fell asleep during the film.
The spring season is normally very busy for Iowa real estate broker Georgia Weaver.
I shall write to him tomorrow.
It is customary to begin the teaching of grammar by dividing words into certain classes, generally called "parts of speech" — substantives, adjectives, verbs, etc. — and by giving definitions of these classes.
We're almost out of soda.
Mary is my favorite person to be around when I'm sad.
Melissa is fond of eating peach tarts.
They need to call a doctor.
He's bought me a watch.
They know how to sing.
Mary would never do it.
That's a good joke.
He wasn't the only Algerian to end his days in this part of Europe.
We value quality.
That was quite a show!
Salas and Skura closed all the windows.
You're a good team.
Not even my wife is allowed to touch it.
You need to learn how to interact with Muslim women.
The truck is on its way.
Whose lorry is that?
Timbuktu became one of the most important capitals of Islam.
It's unclear whether or not she knows what she's talking about.
He let go of the wheel.
Employ honesty.
Yanni lowered his sword.
Weasels eat great numbers of rodents.
I remembered it all.
Yanni and Nuja were furious with Skura.
This lasagne is very hot!
She came yesterday.
Their husbands are Polish.
It’s not black, is it?
I watched the first lecture and read the syllabus.
Yanni daughter doesn't have a boyfriend.
Yanni doesn't know fashion.
They texted a friend.
They gave up running for class president.
Skura and Nuja were arrested for theft.
Keep your intentions pure.
Can we grow forests on Mars?
Tom doesn’t love Mary, does he?
Yanni and Skura beat Nuja and Lina.
Yanni ended up calling the police.
In the April air there hang an ineffable perfume which whispered the secret name of spring.
Someone cited his junk theory in an actual medical journal.
Jews owe our lives to the violent antifascist resistance of our grandparents.
Scritch your kitties for me.
You're likely to learn a lot from Tom.
Yanni was speaking Berber really fast.
She has a secret.
Do you always drive the same stretch?
Yanni literally saved Skura's life.
We weren't able to get what we wanted.
Yanni recognized that woman.
I wonder if my credit card will be found.
I don't study a lot.
I have a TV.
I like to paint.
I felt I had suddenly strayed into another world.
I know who shot me.
I think I can stay.
Does Tom bet on horses?
I'm going to throw them away.
This custom is followed in many households.
She's in the bath at the moment.
I guess I'll go to bed.
I can't live without human society.
What did you see after that?
I enjoy swimming laps.
He is fond of you.
Have you got anything warm?
I have that problem, too.
I like doing that here.
I want to know what Tom thinks.
We're not rich enough to buy a house on Park Street.
I go into the market.
Tom is wiping the dishes.
Why did you not call me yesterday?
The beginning of the week is becoming cold and rainy.
Do I have time until tomorrow?
You'll see, next time it'll be better!
Comets follow eccentric orbits.
Validate your card so as to not get fined.
There are about thirty people here.
We saw the twins yesterday.
It's important to keep training.
John was speaking so loudly I could hear him even from the second floor.
Often people don't know how to type "ѝ" and instead they write "й".
I've been complaining about that, but nothing has changed.
I don't know what his real intentions were.
Tom has been confined to bed for the past three months.
Have you been living here for long?
He was at fault.
Tom started to get violent.
Do not forsake me, oh my darling.
We each paid thirty dollars.
She erased him from her memory.
If you do that, our friendship will be over.
His foot was bandaged as well.
You know that Tom and I don't get along very well, don't you?
I'm afraid you'll have to do that by yourself.
One girl stood alone, slightly apart from the rest.
This is the last time that I lend you my car.
Can't they fight back?
Is he an opportunist?
Tom is a mall cop.
The last Russian troops withdrew in 1993.
Agriculture provides a subsistence livelihood for 85% of the people.
Limited agriculture and local fishing mean that almost all food must be imported.
Trade is important, with exports accounting for over one-third of GDP in recent years.
I'm a nun.
He is a good-looking man.
Tom will have to go.
You are doing it for Tom, not for me.
Is Tom really coming?
Can you explain it?
I've never been lost.
Tom was mad at you.
No one would help you do that.
That problem is of another order of magnitude.
That was naive of you.
I don't like bread.
It's Tom's and my money.
Tom won't assist me.
Tom was very annoyed by that.
Tom was very discouraged.
It's Tom's and my fault.
I did it deliberately.
Whose cap is this?
Tom doesn't have to be the first one to do that.
He's got earache.
Before the operation, the patient must be anaesthetised.
Tom wasn't caught.
Did you say 13 or 30?
What fell on the floor?
Tom probably won't be scared.
I won't have time to read everything.
Do you have gym membership?
Tourism is an important source of income for many regions.
It would be good if you said that.
My husband is washing the car.
Why don't you start doing something useful?
That would make a big difference.
He decided to wear a bright red thong to the beach.
Mary is the bride.
Tom isn't a monk.
Why did you marry me?
Why didn't you invite me?
You should definitely read their comment!
Oil leaked into the Gulf for 87 days.
Tom isn't happy now.
The Dead Sea is a perfectly viable ecosystem for a halophile organism.
Tom wants to make cheese after milking today.
The wood's got saturated with water.
You must apologize to Tom for coming late.
I started to look at your file.
Can't you get a grip of yourself and come over? Dad's 75 on Saturday, and he's missing you.
How do you say that in Yiddish?
No one got killed.
It might take you a few weeks on the job to get into your stride.
We haven't got a large apartment.
You're entitled to have a lawyer.
How will she manage it?
She isn't going to buy any bread.
That color sequin is too ugly for my dress.
When they said we shouldn't come, we wanted to go all the more.
You don't make up stuff like that.
You can apply for debt relief.
People want something fresh.
Tom thought he saw an apparition in a white dress at the end of the long, dark hallway, but it turned out it was only Mary.
Tom probably isn't sleepy.
Tom probably isn't going to figure out it was Mary who did that.
Tom is probably not going to be back by Monday.
Tom is probably not kissing Mary now.
How can you eat an enchilada without salsa?
Tom goes home almost every weekend.
The hummingbird was too timid to come to the feeder when squirrels were around.
I wish I knew more about the geology of this area so I could tell what kind of cool rocks these are.
How's your store doing?
I'd like to have some water.
What time will you come to pick me up?
Maria thought that all men are like Tom.
Tom took the frozen shrimp home in an insulated bag, and now Mary's put them in the freezer.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Friday she expects managing the COVID-19 pandemic will become more difficult as the year progresses.
The laddish youths left the pub singing football chants.
Everybody was mean to me.
That's what we eventually want to do.
The five states of matter are solid, liquid, gas, plasma, and cat.
She had predicted it.
Tom isn't at Mary's, is he?
The child is afraid of being abandoned.
Have a bath and then go to bed.
Tom isn't doing well, is he?
Tom got into trouble with the Mutri in Bulgaria.
Mira will drive Skura to the airport.
How many people will be in Rio de Janeiro in August during the Olympic games?
Skura was taken to a psychiatric hospital.
Tom obviously wasn't awake.
He liked some authors more than others.
I thanked Skura for the book.
A popular trend among young people is learning TikTok dances, usually 15-second choreographies around a popular song.
Tom isn't at the airport.
I became an actor.
I wanted Tom to be the first to know.
If it doesn't work, maybe Tom can fix it.
I feel very bad.
Yanni is incredibly busy on weekends.
Excuse me, I have work to do.
Is there anyone you can talk to?
How does paper absorb liquids?
Tom was happy to see Mary there.
Tom won't be going there alone.
Yanni saw no one in the mosque.
Tom is just a moderate drinker.
It's hot. "This is a typical Algerian summer."
Keep your friendship with the bear! But always have an ax ready!
A decision needs to be made by the 20th.
Block the doors.
My lips are dry. I need lip balm immediately.
Darkness brings me peace.
Tom won't have to go by himself.
I also love drinking milk.
Tom won't go skiing by himself.
Tom did 90% of the work.
Put no more on it.
Yanni learned Arabic in an Algiers kindergarten.
Do you have any idea how much it costs?
One is red, the other is white.
Tom talks like a cartoon villain sometimes.
I'm very skeptical.
I was really broken at the time.
The story is taking place in modern-day Algiers.
Nobody wants to be poor.
She is not available.
Tom slept in class.
Yanni has never seen that cat before in his whole life.
Have you read the latest edition of this magazine?
Tom isn't always early, is he?
Tom spoke to me about you.
We may be there.
There is no excuse for violence.
Yanni stays here and works during the summer.
Yanni spoke in a fairly broken Berber.
Tom didn't want Mary to be sad.
Yanni was approaching the door quickly.
I wish I hadn't told them anything.
Yanni walks through the park to go home.
I'm sure I can defeat Tom.
Yanni is actually Algerian by birth.
Everyone sang along to the refrain.
I needed a loan.
Do you have a pen for me?
I bought a new sofa.
We want to go to Ireland.
Yanni lightly pinched Skura's hand.
Yanni has become less active on Facebook.
I'll buy three pillows.
He's easily distracted; he can never focus his attention on anything.
There was a fire at that school last week.
Yesterday I had a big day.
Fortunately, Tom didn't die.
Apple sauce is a refreshing snack especially during the summertime.
Ask however many times you feel is necessary.
Don't go into the details.
We're at work.
If you haven't got a book, put your hand up.
I'm Algerian, he's Algerian, and she's Algerian, too.
Yanni's cat slashed his face.
The ground was covered with pine needles.
She likes to be alone.
He's ignoring me.
We won't stop until every last card is played out.
Tom has a good guitar.
Yanni smashed a bottle against Skura's head.
Tom's mother suddenly fell sick.
What's your favorite NBA team?
You sound ticked off.
Shortly thereafter, a Turkish dictator decided that all his people must dress in the European way. Anyone who disobeyed would be put to death. Then the Turk spoke to astronomers about his discovery again. And this time they all believed he was telling the truth.
There are several things left on my list of things to do that I haven't done yet.
Now I wish I didn't have ears.
Add the remaining ingredients.
This is a plate.
Apparently I don't know how to count.
I'm fed up watching television.
In case you have to leave, let us know beforehand.
I've been growing out my mustache for 3 months now.
My wallet is brown.
The father shouted at his son.
The results were unbelievably good.
Why's it so short?
I used to play the piano.
I tried acupressure for the first time.
That's what I keep telling myself.
No, not loathe, I abhor it.
This is a hat.
I'm going to Australia next.
People seen as geniuses seem to share a lot in common.
I don't really like putting on the suit.
Let's look for it on eBay.
Are you Canadians?
Tom stood by himself across the little gravel path near the fence.
Why do I always have to do everything for you?
This dog has been following us all day.
Entering your neighbors' living room, you smell a musty odor.
When times are hard, you learn who your mates are.
Don't you think it's strange he came home so early?
I killed you.
The man in charge speaks good Japanese.
I can't break free of her grip on me.
We are ordinary mortals.
Where can I hide this?
I still have to get ready.
We got a signal.
What should I say if she asks after you?
I hope that this ends soon.
Who'll meet Tom?
The eye-catching posters depict some of the universe's most mysterious astronomical phenomena with artistic flair.
Tom seemed nice to me.
This is an old Berber word for king.
I'm thrifty.
Yanni caught his wife cheating.
We need to tell Tom about it.
There's no excuse for the way Tom acted at the party.
Why is Tom doing that? "I don't know. To annoy us, maybe?"
I can't believe my eyes. Is that really you?
Tom's wasn't the only phone number Mary had.
Yanni definitely has the right skin tone.
I feel sad and lonely.
What are you staring at, Tom?
I'm afraid of losing people I love.
Tom is a lonely person.
Tom said he didn't care.
Dance with the man who brought you.
Tom became paralyzed after falling off his skateboard.
Yanni says that his ex is out to ruin his life.
Every person has gone through something difficult.
Tom won't start crying.
Don't you remember that?
Poverty is no disgrace.
Nobody will buy it.
Did you buy corn?
It's up to us to decide.
Did Tom say where he bought that?
Yanni's heart sank into his butt.
Yanni insisted that he and Skura cuddle.
There's a good chance that that'll happen.
Tom is wearing a kimono.
In this small town, Tom came to have a small flour mill.
Yanni has keys to the building.
They want something from them?
You cannot take Tom seriously.
I love this shirt.
Are you planning to buy this car?
I enjoy watching him sleep.
I'm in full command of the room.
Japan’s government announced Monday that the world’s third-largest economy grew at an annual pace of 21% in the third quarter spanning from July to September.
My coffee cooled down.
I don't think that Tom is an alien.
I don't know, nor do I want to know.
Tom is never around when I need him.
Guess what Tom did.
Sorry, I'm in a hurry.
Tom told me that you had something to do with that.
I was worried that I might be overdressed.
Well, I quit.
When he hung out in London, he visited the British Museum.
What's the name of Tom's bar?
She disappoints me all the time.
I don't feel comfortable speaking French.
No one, except Tom, return the report.
Tom is calling the doctor.
That one is no better.
The graph showed an upwards trend.
Things were pretty bad.
Some people don't need a reason to hate.
Yanni has dates for breakfast.
I'm a humble guy.
By the time I woke up she wasn't already there.
Can this be changed?
Yanni can make you a basket in less than an hour.
You're covering your baby.
If I were you I'd ask him.
Have you got a double bed?
This is a metaphor.
Allah is the god of everyone.
He hasn't collected Kabyle proverbs.
Tom got tired of walking and sat down on one of the park benches to rest.
How tall is your younger brother?
Which ones do you like?
Any help is better than no help.
Yanni was still in his flat.
Yanni couldn't buy an Xbox.
Of course, you're right.
Three years of consecutive drought have wiped out Madagascar’s harvests and driven desperately hungry people to fall back on extreme measures to put food on their tables.
Tom is my gymnastics coach.
They're euphoric.
Anyone could've gotten it wrong.
Tonight has been much colder than last night.
Have you seen Tom today by any chance?
He thought for a moment.
That guinea pig is so cute.
Yanni started cursing in Berber.
It's annoying, isn't it?
Tom is asleep. Should I wake him up?
You won't get Tom to help that way.
Tom is talking with his friend.
All Europeans want is a merry and bright Christmas season.
How do we stop this?
Not enough sentences involve Sherlock Holmes, a public domain character.
The former Soviet Union used unmanned probes to take 301 grams of moon soil samples between 1970 and 1976.
When we're twenty we set ourselves to find life's great treasure. At forty we give up and stop looking for it. At sixty we realize that we've had it all along when we were twenty.
Robert Koch Institute for Infectious Diseases President Lothar Wieler said that while COVID-19 infection rates have stabilized, they are still too high.
Tom couldn't stay in the saddle.
How do you make pancakes?
This machine isn't easy to operate.
The island's not very big: you can walk from one end to the other in an hour and a half.
Tom expects to win a prize.
Tom likes to throw in some French words when he's speaking English.
I'd like to order something now.
We will compensate you well.
It wasn't a serious request.
Summer time comes to an end next Sunday.
I just wanted you to know.
We're pleased with the way things turned out.
How did I reach this conclusion?
Do you think that Tom will wait for me?
Tom won't be the one singing with us.
That's it. This is where I draw the line.
Tom is under observation now.
Mary's got to recite a poem in front of the class.
Turn up the heat a little.
Can Algeria become a success story in North Africa?
There are fresh towels in the bathroom.
A single to Newcastle, please.
That's flammable.
I love you, my spider.
I'll demonstrate that with the help of a few concrete examples.
That's an awesome dress.
I liked the way Tom did that.
Somebody needs to tell Tom the truth.
Tom caught a butterfly and put it in a jar.
You're lying to yourself.
You guys need to put those things back where you found them.
It's been three years since I've been there.
Perhaps Tom is just worried.
Tom dimed Mary out.
You were hurrying.
Tom is suggestible.
Ten years ago, a bridge went across this river.
Kabylia covers several provinces: Tizi Ouzou and Bejaia, part of Bouira and parts of the city of Boumerdes, Jijel, Setif and Bordj Bou Arreridj. Gouraya National Park and Djurdjura National Park are also located in Kabylia.
I sat down and drank tea with Tom.
He stood there, watching Tom.
Frank, Christianity isn't really just one religion. There are zillions of sects with different beliefs. "You're right, Don."
I sleep anywhere.
Yanni's dog was with him.
How did it go yesterday at the interview?
Now everybody knows.
I don't know how to tell Tom that.
Explain to Tom why you disagree with him.
How's the soup? "Not so good."
In 2019, massive protests spread across Algeria.
She's got more books than me.
I asked you not to tell Tom.
That's your house, isn't it?
You should go take a nap.
This wood must be protected.
I'm not afraid of death anymore.
Just go home, seriously.
She's not entirely incorrigible.
You can't swim to the island. It's too far away.
Leave the key at the front desk.
Didn't Tom say Mary left?
Tom ate at my house last night.
She's been sacked.
Let's go to the theater.
I passed on the message to Tom.
What bothers Tom?
Go away. You're not welcome here.
I'm finishing up.
Yanni is going to Algeria to study Berber.
Her shoes were white.
He who knows, knows.
Can an elephant sneeze?
Why is Tom so happy? "Because of you."
Yanni likes teaching Berber.
I hate grammar.
It broke my heart to know that your grandfather had died.
A chance encounter changed Yanni's life for ever.
Tom joined our choir last year.
I wouldn't know how to begin.
Tom was happy. Not for long, though.
You learn a lot about people when you play games with them.
Tom hopes you'll do it.
We asked Tom to take the test.
He is always the first in line.
You seem to be content.
They are speaking French.
Yanni chose a life of crime.
I asked Tom who did it.
Ambassadors are the eyes and ears of the state.
We'll never know what happened.
Here, let me take care of that.
It was nice to meet you both.
Nuclear energy is used to produce electricity.
There are still two hours until the game starts and he's already sitting in front of the TV. What a fanatic!
It's easy to give advice when you've never had any problems.
No, sir, I'm Spanish.
I'm not a guitarist, but I know quite a few.
That accident caused many deaths.
Sunday is his day off.
The canal connects the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans.
We need to meet the bare necessities.
They have two dogs, a cat and ten hens.
Tom was in Boston for a few years.
The biggest surprise is yet to come.
My wife has a sweet tooth. She spends all day eating chocolate cake.
I get the error below after logging in.
He doesn't have the right to vote.
I was at her place.
No one cares if I die or not.
The investigation was pretty much at a stalemate.
Let's not think about that.
Just let me think for a moment.
Skura had a wild streak.
My father did not know him.
Yanni fell prey to Skura.
Mr. Jackson's tests are really difficult.
We just have to keep plugging away.
I know that I have to do that. I just don't want to do it.
He is confused.
Yanni cleans his goat's udder very well before he milks it.
Society needs to change.
Yanni is just here to film Skura milking a goat.
I'll bring you presents from Agia Napa.
It's a shame there aren't many people like Tom nowadays.
Demetrius the Thin was a prince of the Kingdom of Macedonia.
Never change.
Tom isn't a very nice kid.
Tom isn't on life support anymore.
Love is a two-way street.
Why do cats knock things off of surfaces?
There was no one left.
Yanni was very sociable.
Where do you want me to stand?
Our house has ten rooms, one of which is the kitchen.
He will make a good husband for my sister.
My father and brother work in a factory.
Tom isn't going to pay you.
Selling cigarettes shouldn't be allowed.
Yanni is so unprofessional.
Do you know Yanni?
They wash the car.
Tom doesn't know what he wants for his birthday.
I bought several books to read while I'm on vacation.
A local man, David Waterfield, was taking pictures of his dog off the coast of Samphire Hoe, near Dover in Kent, and stopped to speak with a fisherman.
This gun smells like it's been fired recently.
Scientists have discovered a way to make transparent wood.
I need the extension cord. The socket is too far.
Who could have done something like this?
What sort of things does Tom like?
Yanni signed power of attorney for Skura.
Tom isn't playing football.
How many declinations are there in German?
It's all part of my master plan.
Yanni came here to Algeria.
Put the coffee cups in the sink.
Every time Yanni smiles, Skura smiles.
Tom has joined the navy.
He's quite a bit older than me.
Are you going to eat this ice cream?
Yanni was showing off his new car.
He rubbed his feet.
Nna Yamna said: "Now, Saïda, I come back to you. We have heard about your poetry. Come on, declaim to us your poems that comfort us."
You should have a doctor look at that right away.
Yanni and Skura planned a summer wedding in Algeria.
It would be hard for me to leave here.
Tom took a deep breath and then swam to the other end of the pool underwater.
Yanni's second marriage is falling apart.
The entire fig is edible except for the stem.
Do you like talking?
Yanni isn't Muslim but he plays it pretty straight.
You're perfect, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
I still have a sore throat.
Tom asked me what I wanted for my birthday.
Yanni is a radiographer.
Sociopaths have a pathological need to tell lies.
Tom lent us his new car.
Yanni heard all the screaming outside of the mosque.
Fig marmalade is very easy to make.
Regional officials on the northeastern Indonesian island of Madura said Friday at least 45 pilot whales that stranded themselves on a beach there have died, while rescuers managed to push three back out to sea.
We want a house with a view of the ocean.
I was told that isn't a good idea.
Whose sleeping bag is this?
I don't fancy it.
Tom is a whinger.
Yanni was young and out of control.
I could use the help.
The books were delivered to the students.
People are advised to drive with caution.
Yanni and Skura will always be here.
Yanni gave Skura the right change.
Yanni wrote an essay about the environment.
Tom got out of the bath and dried himself with a towel.
How old is your washing machine?
Zealous Algerians believe that by attacking peaceful Kabyle militants they are defending the honor of indivisible Algeria, but in fact, they are only supporting a politico-mafia and Islamo-fascist dictatorship.
Yanni is a relative.
Yanni sent Skura his phone number.
The Algerians allow themselves to threaten and insult the Kabyle sovereignists, but when these peaceful Kabyle activists denounce these abject practices, they are quickly denounced by scurvy lies.
Tom said goodbye and walked out the door.
Yanni was drunk.
Tom walked to his car and got in.
Does cannabis interact with antidepressants or lithium?
Would you work 40+ hours a week?
Tom plays the cello better than Mary does.
Did it rain yesterday?
If you need help moving your piano, just ask.
Yanni was going to get a job at Sonatrach.
I hope Tom ends up in jail.
I hope nobody comes.
It was everything I'd hoped for.
My hope is that we won't have to do this again.
I spent the day Christmas shopping.
How much do you spend on health insurance?
Yanni learned to love Skura.
We often see celebrities in advertisements.
What services do you offer?
Tom says he's never seen a UFO.
I promise to stay with you forever.
I'll drive you to the bus stop.
Welcome to Berlin! Did you have a good flight?
How much longer will I need to wait?
Yanni purchased a wig.
All of us trust you.
When Yanni found out about Skura's affair, he was disgusted.
Why did you want to buy one of those?
Tom said he wanted to buy something for Mary.
Yanni was furious.
Yanni and Skura were both waiting.
Yanni and Skura were both naive.
I envy the way that you and Tom get along.
O Lord, make me into an instrument of peace.
How much does a ton of gravel cost?
Anyone who wants to may sign up.
Let's have another drink before we go home.
Did Tom drink tea?
Were you offered anything to drink?
Tom picked the magazine up and started reading it.
Tom heard the garage door open and knew that Mary was home.
Tom went back to studying as soon as Mary left the room.
Tom studied the map to see if he could find a shorter way to get to where he wanted to go.
Tom is still able to make himself understood in Spanish.
It happened three years ago today.
Tom refused to come in.
I can't think of the word for it. "Can you describe it?"
Tom is arranging a ball.
Now you can see what happens when Tom loses his patience.
I hope we can avoid making the same stupid mistakes we made last time.
I live out of my car.
Tom said that he'd like to be a fish.
You'll miss the exam if you're late.
The porcupine rolled itself into a ball, radiating long, sharp needles in all directions that defied attack.
Compassion is an impulse towards those who are touched by misfortune; it brings them a little comfort and neither adds nor takes away from us.
Tom not only ate his dessert, he also ate Mary's dessert.
Is that just?
We can't hide neither love nor a cough.
My poor heart suffers.
We're still up.
The dog barks to the brave and bites the coward.
What nationality are our parents? "Maltese."
Mary really flourished after she left Tom.
People will be free soon.
The Beaker People were named after the shape of their pots.
Yanni passed his driving test around April.
Only you could come up with such a stupid idea.
My heart nearly flew out of my mouth.
How long can you go without breathing?
I think Tom is in his garden.
The National Air and Space Museum is the most visited Smithsonian museum.
We can't introduce solid foods into a child's meal plan before the fifth month.
Tom untied the knot and removed the gag.
An express train from Moscow to Vladivostok takes six days.
We made Tom cry.
What's your weight?
Royalty shouldn't exist.
Don't think that this is all in vain!
I can now die happy.
Did Tom say what time the party was going to begin?
My neighbor is my father's best friend.
The latest issue of the magazine has devoted a lot of space to the topic.
I didn't understand why my dad didn't want me to join the military, since he joined when he was my age.
Yanni is not a perfect Muslim.
Yanni recited the Quran.
We're ready to leave now.
Who is not Muslim here?
I bought a new suitcase the day before yesterday.
This work is so simple even a child can do it.
Yanni felt bad for Skura.
Lingua Franca Nova is an easy and beautiful language.
Do not forget to write the postcode.
Why don't we fix this?
That's the story of what happened to Yanni.
Yanni was nice to his Muslim neighbors.
Keep your dirty hands off me.
Why don't we find out what Tom wants?
As a woman, I want to be a modest person.
We kept still.
Chess players with prodigious memories perform incredible feats, such as playing blindly, at the same time, a large number of matches.
People have been congratulating me all day.
Tom managed to escape from his pursuers.
This has to be ready by the twentieth.
Yanni's windshield is all scratched up.
Where are the passports?
Yanni pulled up the syringe slowly.
Yanni's windshield chips are barely noticeable.
Let's go to the living room and watch TV.
First of all, I don't know the magic broth's recipe.
In those days, ordinary folk couldn't afford real coffee, so they drank coffee substitute.
This resin only needs twenty minutes to cure.
Why don't we go kayaking?
Yanni is an architect.
Yanni left everything in place for a few minutes.
I'll call you as soon as I get to the station.
Let's see what it looks like.
Why don't we sit on the deck?
Tom was all Mary had left.
The practical experience translation course provides a capabilities test free of charge, so I sent off the assignment and requested the materials.
This time ten years ago, I was in a horrible state.
Joe practices sports most of the time.
Did aliens bomb Sodom and Gomorrah?
Why don't we go take a look?
Yanni made a terrible mistake.
Why don't we do this somewhere else?
Yanni and Skura didn't get to see each other all too often.
Yanni got a weird feeling.
Yanni doesn't want to see Skura again.
Tom won't even try to listen to his father's story.
We wound up losing every game last season.
Yanni didn't care what that noise was.
Yanni was kneeling down.
Somebody stole my money.
We were there a few days ago.
Why don't we eat together tonight?
Tom was on the patio.
That wasn't the first time that you told me that.
I wrenched open the passenger doors and jumped into her car.
Tom was on the veranda.
That isn't a lie.
The house is big, but the garden is tiny.
They're nonbinary.
The new vacancies will be filled by more than 500 administrative officials.
Yanni got a cut on his hand.
Your voice soothes me.
I wish someone told me this before I married Yanni.
If that law is passed, it'll set back women's rights thirty years.
A man who looked at both of them asked it to them.
I'm not flying on that thing even if I was paid to!
Maybe Yanni is right.
How's the book you're writing coming along? "It's slowly taking shape."
Tom wasn't imprisoned.
Yanni inspected the basement.
I've heard many excuses before, but yours takes the cake.
Tom listened to Mary's podcast.
Why don't we pretend that we're pirates?
Yanni wanted to go out.
Yanni shouldn't give up now.
Yanni and Skura hate you.
Yanni shouldn't do that.
Where can I pick up the cards?
Tom's not going away.
Yanni deserves a large orange juice.
Yanni is a hillbilly.
Muslims must protect the al-Aqsa Mosque.
Yanni has got a problem.
Tom is a demon.
I just want to see Tom's reaction.
Yanni came to this school.
Yanni lives in my house. He lives by my rules.
Yanni doesn't call that theft.
Yanni was more friendly.
Let's paint the wagon.
They sat in the hold for almost a day.
We took off our coats.
I rarely see them.
Tom saw Mary's car in his driveway.
That's not going to happen this time.
Yanni has got to learn.
We've finished our homework.
We got in our car and left.
Yanni will remember that his whole life.
Tom was using his cane.
I'm sure you speak French worse than Tom does.
Never take candy from a stranger.
You were brushing your teeth.
Yanni is gonna leave.
Yanni believed it was his fault that Skura left.
What triggers this anxiety?
I call them every day on Messenger.
How hard is it for a Portuguese speaker to learn Spanish?
I knew that you were there.
Take action. Take control. Quit school.
I'm lucky to have survived that year for multiple reasons.
Did you bring the books?
What time does this store close?
I have no idea where Mary lives.
Yanni wants to be closer to his family.
If only you could see me now.
The numbers on the report have been fudged ever since the new boss took over. Sooner or later, they are going to have to come clean.
Yanni stayed in a capsule hotel.
A claw hammer can be used to both drive nails into wood and extract them from it.
Yanni is one of our wealthy benefactors.
These cookies just came out of the oven.
Trust in the government seems to be a strong predictor of hesitancy in getting the vaccine.
Tom and Mary are always teasing each other.
Stop messing with Tom.
We're cleaning out our garage.
Do you need therapy?
Tebboune is clearly well liked.
Algeria is now using technology to transform desert areas into productive lands.
I tried writing more politely, but I wonder if it made me seem unapproachable.
Algerians don't enjoy the highest wages in the region.
Who do these keys belong to?
She forced her to eat in the kitchen and work non-stop.
You're a professor, aren't you?
I don't really speak French, but I know a lot about French.
People will not stop dying from this.
We need to be a team if we want to win.
Algeria's gross foreign reserves are falling.
Algeria is developing a deep-water port in El Hamdania.
Only a few people participated.
Bouteflika held onto power to the last minute.
Milly had an excessive amount of alcohol in her blood.
This would have very serious effects on Algeria's economy.
They didn't write anything.
Brush your hair in the shower to save time.
Things are really changing in Algeria.
You're wrong. Tom plays the clarinet, not the saxophone.
Yanni took that as a huge compliment.
Yanni looked away.
I never know which tense to use.
I think it was a good metaphor for the War on Terror, despite this "war" not having happened yet at the time.
Tom and Mary often write songs together.
Yanni will be in Algiers.
That's probably when I will be available during the week.
You're too young to see this movie.
Algeria will start manufacturing COVID-19 vaccine.
Tell me everything you know related to this.
Algeria can outperform its neighbors economically.
All of the blossoms have fallen from the cherry trees.
We have three granddaughters.
I'm not self-employed.
The ship was attacked by Somali pirates.
Yanni doesn't do it.
I can give you a dollar towards a pack of cigarettes.
Algeria is a beautiful country with breathtaking landscapes.
Fuck your mama, bastard.
I can't open it because it's locked.
Algeria is seen as one of the most prosperous countries in the regions.
The man finally left.
The next game is always the hardest.
Make sure the window is shut.
If you want to learn more about Algeria, visit this site.
Tom didn't let Mary see the letters John had sent him.
It's sometimes fun to create sentences about Tom.
Turtles aren't as fast as rabbits.
Who are the Berbers?
Mary impressed the teacher above all with her perfect, accent-free French.
Algeria is recovering from a horrendous experience.
Algeria won't lose any bit of its land.
Privacy isn't valued equally by all cultures.
Stop clowning around.
Did you just step on my tail?
Trust in your friends and they'll have reason to trust you.
Yanni and Rima ended their secret affair.
In Algeria, state-controlled economic growth is unsustainable.
We enjoy being with our kids.
We need to know if Tom will do that or not.
That would be too much to hope for.
He's not a feminist.
Let me see if I can do that.
You don't have to wait for Tom. He won't come.
It's so stuffy in here. Can someone open a window?
This would cause social issues in Algeria.
What are the reasons of the stagnation of Algeria's economy?
Through communication, we are able to learn from one another.
Algeria and Tunisia enjoy friendly relations.
If it's OK for Tom to buy a knife, then why can't I?
Algeria's political environment remains stable.
Do you want to go to Australia with us?
Let's compare the economies of Algeria and Tunisia.
This threatens Algeria's stability.
Algeria doesn't have a coastal desert.
The cellar light is at the bottom of the stairs.
The desire of wickedness came up in your heart.
That's not something that I'd ever do.
The rope was long.
We wanted our kids back.
Tom was medicated.
Tom went there every day.
It was stupid of me to turn down Tom's offer.
Tom went deep inside the cave.
The countdown to the conquest of every sentence has finally begun.
How much can you bench?
If you live near the ocean, please learn to swim and teach your children to swim.
The story was captivating.
London's double-decker bus is quite popular among tourists.
I got hit on the head.
Yanni clicked here and that window popped up.
Yanni wanted to get better at his craft.
Rima wore pants underneath her dress.
Tom dedicated the book to Mary.
I'm busy now, so I can't help you.
Tom was at a family reunion.
Tom was holding a glass of wine.
The telephone rang every few minutes.
Jugurtha suffered the indignity of being paraded through the streets of Rome.
You may find it difficult to wrap your mind around this fact.
I stayed after class to clean up the mess.
Tom has done a lot of stupid stuff, but I don't think he'd ever do something that stupid.
Yanni was standing there, in the rain.
Tom made a bad impression.
Tom didn't know who he was supposed to meet.
Just compare the facts.
To what extent is Halloween ingrained into Australian culture?
Yanni is staying at home.
Yanni finally hit the jackpot.
This method is more successful.
This is my protege.
How did French troops move to Algeria's interior?
Yanni chose to have a sandwich for lunch.
Why did Yanni abandon Rima?
Yanni was going to start a blog.
They kept her waiting for over an hour.
You're not consistent.
Ziri had an old map of the area.
Clouds were rising from the summit of Mount Fuji.
With the coronavirus pandemic easing in the U.S., experts say an unprecedented number of people are choosing to quit their jobs.
What does this woman want?
I remember Walid as a boy.
Although I don't like rain, I like how it smells.
Those who understand adapt to the world; those who don't understand want the world to adapt to them. This is why all human progress depends on people who don't understand.
I never thought that I'd meet Tom in a place like that.
Thanks very much for looking over my sentences.
Do you enjoy being unkind to everyone?
This is Ziri's usual hiding spot.
I don't know why I like it. I just know that I like it.
I will contact you again in the future.
Ziri is a month old.
Ziri came in.
I need one tray of eggs, you see.
Ziri needs to learn how to swim.
That's a public security matter.
Life and livelihood are the same thing.
Ziri is dying.
There are ten of us.
Ziri is a weirdo.
Ziri became a cellist.
Ziri became a general manager.
The soda lost its fizz.
I want to talk to your father.
Ziri was blasted with a shotgun.
I would've told you how to do that if you'd asked me to.
Ziri is awesome.
Ziri and Rima held hands.
Ziri is from Algeria.
Ziri is the sexiest man alive.
Come to pick me up, Ziri.
Ziri wasn't really alone.
Near where I live is a reservoir.
Ziri is part owner of the restaurant.
Ziri felt so sorry for Rima.
Ziri cannot do that with Rima.
Was that Ziri and Rima together?
Ziri is from the Times.
Ziri accepted Rima on Facebook.
I can't believe that I'd agree to that.
We're here to say goodbye.
I'm tired of eating bread.
A lot of accidents took place in that spell of rain.
Ziri sits here.
Ziri is not Rima's boyfriend.
Ziri was going out.
Ziri was mad.
Ziri only told Rima part of the truth.
Ziri was making Rima breakfast.
Ziri brought some things from home.
Ziri is gonna check on the baby.
Ziri is gonna charge us.
I believe both of them.
Ziri was really glad Rima told him that.
Ziri is completely clueless.
Ziri has ruined everything for eternity.
Ziri was our first guest.
Ziri gave Rima a bracelet.
She nodded in agreement.
Ziri was a pretty good juggler.
Ziri talked shit.
Ziri was getting more and more angry.
Ziri can't do it.
Day is already breaking outside.
Ziri became a choreographer.
Ziri has got his old job back.
Ziri has crossed a line.
Ziri is in a safe place.
Ziri invested money in that motorcycle.
Ziri and Rima always met out.
The prophet's answer disappointed the woman.
Ziri always wore a tracksuit.
I don't condone the actions of that country, but nor am I okay with historical erasure for any reason.
Ziri forgot what Rima's message was.
Ziri missed that opportunity.
Ziri took the drink.
To suit the English language, the translation was modified.
Ziri asked Yazid if he could borrow his mallet.
Ziri had a job.
“It really is horrific, and unfortunately, this is just the beginning of the heat and humidity deaths which we’re going to see, which we can attribute directly to human-caused climate change,” Ilan Kelman, a professor of disasters and health at University College London, said in an interview with VOA.
You guys are thirsty.
Ziri loves Rima's dating stories.
Ziri has no theories about that.
There is less left than I thought.
Ziri felt miserable trying to get people to like him.
Ziri and Rima live so close to each other.
As suggested by their name, worker bees are the hive’s laborers, performing all the tasks needed to maintain and protect the colony and rear the young bees.
Initial here.
Exposing bad ideas doesn't kill them because people aren't perfectly rational, and propaganda is designed to bypass reason.
My boyfriend's been acting pretty sus lately.
Paul is the son of my mother's brother. He is my cousin.
I was running out of time.
The wise do not always earn a living.
I hadn't anticipated Jen's nasty reaction when I told her I couldn't give her a lift to the mall.
If it is acceptable, I would appreciate you waiting a little longer.
I don't play chess well, on the board or not.
Congratulations on your new home!
Lera Boroditsky writes that instead of employing such terms as “right,” “left,” “forward” and “back,” which are relative to an observer, many Indigenous people of Australia will exclusively use cardinal directions — north, south, east or west. To speak properly, one must stay oriented at all times. The correct response to a normal greeting — “Where are you going?” — is something like “South-southeast, in the middle distance,” but if you don’t know which way you’re facing, you can’t even get past “Hello.”
I hope to find a place!
Whether rain or spears fall, I will go.
This is a basement.
Murdering someone from behind their back is for cowards.
Tom thinks that most people are kind.
Learning a language goes far beyond memorizing vocabulary.
It wasn't clear whether or not he knocked.
She made a virtue of necessity.
I'm always happy when I hear from my friends that they are "doing fine".
When each side has only the king and some pawns, you need to calculate moves carefully to promote a pawn before your opponent.
I'm so drunk that I'm seeing two keyboards.
I noticed something was up.
All of you please go towards the left.
Ok, I will talk in the Santali language.
The Quran is full of contradictions.
Ziri ended up blocking Rima on Instagram.
Ziri thought it was time for him to share that story.
Ziri is gonna miss his train.
This is a souvenir from Yumi.
You're on thin ice.
Long-term exposure to radiation may cause genetic damage.
I'd like to share a secret with you.
Start the engine please, Tom.
I'm learning the Kurdish language.
Send the letter by special delivery, because that's the only way it'll arrive on time.
Don't learn things by memory. Try to understand them.
Who are you writing to? Your boss?
She comes from a secular family.
If Tom would only rest, he'd get better faster.
Max, Lee, and Céline found a table to sit at, while Sam and Robin went to the bar to get the drinks in.
I love that bloodhound.
He drew amusing caricatures of politicians.
Are you picking your nose?
Stop kicking Ziri's seat.
My father made a model ship for me.
It was an afternoon that Tom would never forget.
That's one thing that I wish I could've done.
In 100-square checkers, each player has 20 equal pieces, initially placed on squares 1 to 20, for black, and 31 to 50, for white.
I need to buy a planner.
Do frogs have teeth?
I went to school this morning.
I'm sorry for earlier. I was hangry.
How much is all this going to cost?
All they do is gossip.
How do I get to the theater? "Go to the mailbox and make a right, then keep going for a block."
We write novels together.
Are you thirsty, Tom?
Could you speak more slowly? I'm having trouble processing what you're saying.
Tom repeatedly intimidated us.
We beat them 4 to 5.
How many doors does your classroom have?
You didn't tell the whole truth, Tom.
The cold pierced her to the bone.
My train of thought has no rails.
I refuse to speak French.
I didn't understand. Could you repeat that?
Now add cornstarch to make the gravy as thick as cream, adding at the same time salt and Worcestershire sauce.
I can see that you don't understand it.
Keep a dictionary within easy reach.
All we had left was three dollars.
Tom opened his backpack and took out his computer.
Tom went to Australia for a three-month visit, but he ended up staying there for three years.
Is it possible for the system to send me a notification when a translation is added to one of my sentences?
Friendship is when someone tells you "make yourself at home", and you immediately do.
I'm beginning to forget my own mother tongue.
Did Tom repair the watch?
You'd have to be crazy to do something like that.
Artificial intelligence is conquering the world.
Who just came in?
Tom isn't doing that yet.
Did you send Tom any money?
He sometimes told me stories from beyond the seas.
It became increasingly hard to breathe.
You said that to Ziri.
Some expert you are. You know even less than me.
That doesn't really matter right now.
Felix doesn't speak French.
The Divine Word made light.
The lights are on, but no one's home.
Have you really ever done that? "Yeah, as a matter of fact, I have."
Kids like drawing.
Tom walked up to the front door and knocked.
I need boots because it's raining.
This is my little friend.
If Tom makes one more mistake, he'll be fired.
Choose your character.
The apple is an edible fruit.
I have zero chance to win.
We almost never sit on our porch in the winter.
You know I can't agree to that.
Berlin and Munich have different postcodes.
Tom stopped at the top of the stairs.
What brand do you recommend?
But we've already decided.
You should go home before I change my mind.
You can tell the T-shirt is old because it's faded.
The least we can do is listen.
I told her I loved her.
The toy industry in Spain is already starting to feel the shortage of certain plastics.
Mary makes tea the way she's always done: without teabags. The tea goes straight into the pot.
I would like to live here.
Ziri believes in you.
You feel discouraged, don't you?
I really like toast.
I am curious whether Turkey will someday join the EU. A non-Christian member would have an interesting influence.
Tom is a bit like Mary.
Several boys were playing guitars on the top deck of the ferry.
Phone me when you've finished.
Ziri built a shelter for his sheep.
Ziri wasn't expecting it.
I think Tom is going to miss us.
How far is it to the town centre? "It's a ten-minute walk."
Ziri called his stepmother in Algiers.
I started to walk faster when I heard footsteps behind me.
I've always had a soft spot in my heart for Mary.
Christianity cures hatred.
It's a nice feeling to just be.
They provided support.
Both of them walked into the kitchen.
I don't mean to swamp you.
I want to make geofiction about a gigantic imaginary country called "Occidentia."
Tom is incredibly busy.
You have some ink on your face.
Mary is the cutest girl that I know.
It's difficult to translate a poem into another language.
Scientists today know that protein molecules perform most of the critical functions in the cell.
Russia is for the sad.
What is the great difference between supposing that God makes variable species or that he makes laws by which species vary?
I don't trust the government television channel.
Most people rarely think about the factors that influence social progress because they are too distracted by everyday trivialities.
Every person is unique, as their use of language reflects.
That ought to save us some money.
For goodness' sake, please be nice to Tom.
Tom wants to learn how to cook.
Tom tried not to make a snap judgment.
The bus was overcrowded. I should have got a taxi.
Don't joke about something so serious.
I have a bath every night.
Rest assured I won't do that again.
Tom will never come back here again.
Did you happen to find that key I lost?
If I had had the guts to go see him and the courage to ask him, I'm sure he would've helped me.
Say something in your language. "What do you want me to say?" "Doesn't matter. Just say anything." "Apple tree, apple tree."
Eating and drinking are prohibited in the library.
Tom finally succeeded in getting Mary to tell him how she really felt.
In itself, it's not a bad thing.
He prayed that the current health crisis be overcome and that the necessary health care and vaccines in particular be provided to those who need them most.
Tom has the same kind of car as Mary.
Which pair of shoes do you want to buy?
This is the bookshop in which I buy books.
I've only ever played football with boys.
Tom is a star child actor, and his manager has several contract offers piled up to last years, so she has him on puberty blockers so he can stay young and play all those parts.
I ordered a banana split.
I had a terrible day.
The good friends learned Esperanto together.
Who knows where he's got to.
Tom read the book.
I found a piano teacher for you.
You can do what you please.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary anything he doesn't want to.
Can science provide an exhaustive answer?
Try not to jump to conclusions.
Ziri deleted the video.
Two candles gave light.
It's hard to learn when you don't learn.
Ziri bought some substrate for his tortoise's enclosure.
We are all still clinging to the dreams of our youth.
Tom is decorating his bedroom.
You don't even have an ounce of optimism left!
He was completely silent.
The first rumbles of thunder were heard.
This could be construed as an act of terrorism.
You've made my bite go sideways.
What are you doing? "I accidentally threw away my precious ring."
These kinds of things happen every day.
When do you have to turn your report in?
Hello Madame Schneider, how are you doing?
How do I do without you?
Say this in English.
Is there much water behind the dam?
I'm flipping through a magazine.
These strawberry tree fruits have a regular strawberry flavor.
By now he's old and has lost all his teeth.
Ziri is still a freak.
I love weed.
Oh! Where did Tom go?
Female sexuality is more complicated than male sexuality.
How many scarves do you have?
How many weeks are in a year?
They made an appointment to meet on Friday.
Tom's hair wasn't so long last year when I saw him.
That's my favourite number.
I need you too much.
I want to have a few words with him.
Look at how he nutmegged him...
There's a reason I had to cancel the appointment.
There are no articles in Finnish.
They say he sold his soul to the devil.
That work is almost finished.
Stay well!
How can I get to the beach from here?
In the morning of the 29th of January of 2022, whilst eating a mushroom pizza and drinking iced tea in the pizzeria, out through the window, I could see in the distance a bespectacled handsome man in dark greyish-black clothing, as he talked in his cellphone.
She's cagey about her plans.
That man is a Canadian.
My wife and kids are out of town this week.
Sexologists describe a gradual range between "pure" heterosexuality and "pure" homosexuality. In graphs, sexologists know that most people are situated in the middle bisexual range. The "gay-straight" artifice paradigm is reinforced by Abrahamic culture.
Wait for a bit in the car.
This juice can cure AIDS. Just drink it.
I wish I'd been able to leave earlier.
She has a graceful demeanor.
I don't want you to blame yourself for how things turned out.
He's in a bad way.
Tom works under me.
I was the one who stayed up all night to keep the fire burning.
There's something I want to show you tomorrow. "Cool! I wonder what it is."
What'll you do if it snows?
I didn't think twice and jumped on the first plane.
Did you happen to see Tom today?
Hey, Tom, what're you doing there? "Packing my suitcase. Can't you see?"
Could you pay me in cash?
Mom, you keep doting on Yoshiki. You don't care about me, do you?
He has decided to make a fresh start.
The Boston ivy grows on the outside.
I think there's someone there.
How much does it cost to run a washing machine?
He's just a troll.
Russian gas supplies to Austria and Hungary resumed.
Would it be OK if I stopped doing this?
He has more books than I have.
I shouldn't have been permitted to do that.
Read the work "Essentials of Insight Meditation Practice."
We expect prices to go up in the near future.
The flowers in the vase have wilted.
I don't know what caused this problem.
There is a university in Rome.
His eyes are sharp.
When I, living in Vancouver and on Lulu Island, watch television, it is often TV5, the global Francophone network. I can watch a Quebecker's exposé about secluded places in this world. From France, I can watch castle-by-castle tours. There are news from Belgium and Switzerland.
In Ceará, we don't need hoodies because the weather is always so hot.
I read an article in Japanese, and then explained what it said in Spanish.
Won't he be surprised?
There are countries where slaves are still sold.
He met her gaze and sensed hatred and contempt.
Let's not let them see us.
I did it just to please you.
Who told you this news?
How many kilometres is it from here to the railway station?
He's always surrounded by beautiful women.
Do you sleep on your right side or your left?
I've lost my virginity.
I recognised your voice immediately.
Who would've thought the rain would ever stop?
They really put on quite a show.
You should've seen what was going on.
Tom inflated his girlfriend.
When Tom saw the disaster, he started crying.
Tom can go there.
It is the 9th of June of 2013. I opine that Esperanto will live on for a long, long time. It is a good language for talking to someone from abroad. I opine that Lojban is probably better in the written form. I prefer reading and writing it than speaking and listening. In any case, Lojban words are fun to enunciate. Both Lojban and Esperanto have prayerful sounds. I must reveal a secret about my current desire that if I were a monolingual, I would prefer to be a Lojbanic monolingual. That way is how I feel today. But in reality, I am really very multilingual. I know a rainbow of different languages now.
I bought all of these for you.
I don't think that we're supposed to do that.
Tom couldn't stay awake any longer.
Tom was tricked.
We're among the first.
Don't you think we've been here before?
He put off making a decision.
Tom can ride a bike.
I'll guess we'll never know the reason why.
Tom thinks he can get away with that.
Let's go to one of the restaurants we used to go to.
Tom couldn't go back home.
Are you sure you want to drive?
Put the camera away.
I could hear someone moving around in the kitchen.
I need to be somewhere tomorrow.
I really like talking about this kind of stuff.
Women often use bracelets.
There aren't any schools in this town.
The ladder is in the corner.
There's not much time left to decide.
You'll eventually understand the reason why.
Tom lives in a two-dimensional world.
What exactly do we need to do?
Tom is an auditor.
Tom needs to make that decision today.
I'm afraid I'll never be able to do that.
Have you seen her new video?
Who'll be the first to go?
You're the only adult here.
Tom got stuck in Boston because he missed his flight.
I'll do anything you want me to.
Ziri needs to keep Rima on track.
This problem cannot be swept under the carpet.
The aroma of coffee and croissants filled the kitchen.
I don't think I'll go there today.
Tom can do a lot of things.
I can see pockets of blue sky.
I haven't used this app in a long time.
Many devices with resistive touchscreens also include a stylus for more precise pointing.
Tom and Mary are both happy with how things turned out.
Ziri quickly got up.
Tom started to wear glasses when he was three years old.
Ziri heard the bathroom door open.
Ziri was absolutely horrified.
No one there had a torch.
There are wealthy people here.
They differ.
You promised to send me the programme for June.
Tom doesn't know the difference between patriotism and chauvinism.
Rima looked amazing next to Ziri.
Ziri showed up and threatened to call the cops.
We come from the UK.
Ziri stormed out of the restaurant.
That isn't a problem anymore.
I've always wanted to work on a farm.
I've started to see things in a different way.
On Thursday I have swimming practice.
It's time to start acting like an adult.
The child always eats fufu.
I'm not such a heartless person.
This is the best team I've ever played on.
You know how easy it is to do this.
Things are bound to get better.
The laws of physics are the only laws that are observed in Russia.
I used to be angry a lot when I was a kid.
During the morning, the sky will remain overcast.
Congratulations on your new baby! He's a really healthy baby boy.
I don't enjoy hanging out with her.
If you want to put me in a bad mood, you can start talking about Tom.
There's no way I could do that.
We can be there in about a fortnight.
The fracture is not displaced, and no surgery is required.
My father used to say that nothing lasts forever.
It's way too early to leave.
Just remember that I love you.
Ziri is the person Rima loves.
Ziri asked his mother for information about Rima.
Ziri wasn't one of those people.
Get down from my roof.
Do you see the macaque with its baby?
Ziri took a walk.
Ziri's dog barks at nothing.
Is she reading a book?
This isn't enough, but it's better than nothing.
Let's call.
Why don't you go to the movies?
When is the next performance review?
Why do you always draw a little sun in the upper right corner?
Help yourself to these biscuits.
He gives a lot of homework.
Do most Algerians want their country to be a secular state?
Ziri was recovering from lead poisoning.
Some say that Assange was subjugated to psychological torture.
No one had ever seen anything like it.
Ziri is so much more than that.
Ziri managed to handle the additional work.
Ziri knows his dog is scared.
Ziri's cat kept doing that.
The guards took control of the situation by calling the special forces.
It's an interesting question. Thanks for asking me it.
It may be difficult at first, but it may pay off.
Ziri's plan is student.
Matoub's artistic debut was packed with many of his greatest works.
Do you have a common heart disease or a blood circulation disorder in the brain?
I want to buy a kilogram of that.
You must register your pet.
Are you looking for something a lot more challenging?
Ziri snatched the mike and told everyone about Rima's evil plan.
You should have seen her face when I said that.
Why am I being left out?
Hyssop, Rosemary, and Sage are natives of the south of Europe, and the two first appreciate a light, sandy soil, and not too much sun.
I was at the movie theater.
It was so nice talking to her last night on the phone.
I have to eat today.
I can't believe you're cheating on me with my best friend.
Do you have a family tree?
This is exactly what you get wrong.
People don't care who you are and what you are saying.
Ziri finds abstract art beautiful.
At your company, try to increase revenue or decrease costs.
Ivy climbs up.
Ivy grows very, very quickly.
Ziri has got his loppers on hand, in case he needs them.
Direct sunlight won't have the best effect on your ivy.
Ivy is very common here.
Ziri is trimming the heathers carefully to avoid damaging them.
Ziri doesn't garden.
There was no service. Not even a bar.
Ziri is ready to start welding.
The power socket stopped working.
We have a day off school tomorrow.
All I did was change how I was thinking.
Ziri was speaking in a loud and aggressive voice.
Ziri had a home game at four that afternoon.
The team is owned by Tom Jackson.
I like the way things are now.
Many birds sit on the branch.
Tom tried to outsmart us.
The festival is truly a uniting event.
Do you genuinely want to know?
It's really easy to drive to Algiers.
Ziri rented a cabin for the weekend.
You don't have to like it, you know.
These problems are unresolvable.
Topaz is a fairly hard gemstone, but it can break with relatively little force if you strike it at the right angle.
Summer is my favourite of the four seasons.
Don't get pushed into a corner. Fight back!
Morocco is inching towards a debt crisis.
Western Sahara is not Moroccan.
Ziri became vulnerable.
Ziri made a huge clinical error.
The Latin alphabet makes Berber easier to read and learn.
Your so-called sedative only exacerbates the pain.
Will you turn it off?
I really like listening to you.
I can't get this knot untied.
This will never do.
The doctors put Ziri in a coma.
I wish I had that talent.
The Nairobi-based fashion designer, who has successfully carved herself a niche in Kenya’s fashion industry, said many small business owners are happy to gain access to “high quality products at affordable prices.”
Place the stuffed peppers into a baking dish.
Ziri looked up in complete shock. It was Rima.
That gets old quickly.
Tom's speech at the convocation made me cry because I knew he only learned English six years ago!
Elections for officers are held annually.
The officer stated that he fired three times.
What are some of your favorite things?
Ziri picked Rima up and twirled her around.
I just love chocolate chip cookies.
I'm not sure I'd notice the difference.
We'll need to push our way through this thicket.
Do we have authorization to proceed?
Monday isn't my worst day of the week.
Algiers is one of Africa's largest cities.
Lithuania joined NATO in 2004.
She cut the rope with her penknife.
Luxury vehicles often have multiple trip meters.
Ziri read the letter out loud.
The layout of the prison was fairly symmetrical.
It's clear that Laura and Tamara have a crush on Renato.
Ziri apologized and walked out.
When Ziri sat next to Rima, she got up and walked away.
I want to show my appreciation.
There is also another Protestant church in the village.
I'm not in the slightest bit embarrassed.
That's pretty creepy if you ask me.
Ziri pulled off his fake mustache.
Fortunately, the bleeding has stopped.
She didn't know that I also had a key to the house and I didn't know that she was there.
Tom often doesn't tell the truth.
Dolphins are intelligent animals.
Ziri looked out the window and saw Rima.
That’s why we need the fixed-wing aircraft to do airlifts and air drops both in Kenya and Somalia and helicopters in particular to go to areas which are cutoff by the floods and people are marooned.
Tom's parents were very proud of him.
Ziri came in and threw Rima out.
Tom liked pizza.
The doctors say I've got a good chance of recovery.
Ziri was siding with Rima.
Ziri had no words for the satisfaction he drew out of it.
I have already learned a lot about this world.
Can she understand the Magyar language?
The fog is very dense indeed.
Ziri is trying to calm Rima down.
Everyone joined forces to outvote the Islamists.
I simply put up with it.
Don't you know how to read?
If people hear Ziri speak Berber, they would laugh at him.
Ziri traveled to Algeria for the fourth time.
Ziri is going to take the world by storm.
Tell me if my plan is plausible.
The English language is used more than any other in Tatoeba.
We need to know where the enemy is.
There's a chance that Tom didn't believe what Mary said.
When we were young, Tom and I used to often go fishing together.
Tom'll go up like a bottle of pop when he finds out that Mary went to the pictures with John.
He couldn't bear the shame.
They don't talk to each other anymore.
I think he will sleep.
That's disco. Who still listens to this shit? "My dad."
Did you have a favourite book when you were a kid?
I didn't like the music in the store, so I left without buying anything.
The three of us discussed it.
Ziri calmed down a little.
Speeding increases the risk of car accidents.
She tried to pull herself together after hearing the bad news.
The school halls were filled with students rushing to get to class on time.
This sentence is familiar to me.
The hedge hasn't been cut for months.
Ziri and Rima went home together.
A widow chooses that man who best suits her furniture.
I wonder whether the Vatican and all property of the Christian church are owned by those few families.
No good man suddenly gets rich.
The BDS movement is alive and well.
Ziri is seeking new trade routes.
How many Olympic medals have you won?
Most of these cashews will be processed in India — the major center for cashew production — before being used in local cuisine or exported to the West, as an appetizer.
Many locals are blaming oil and gas extraction for the powerful tremor.
I didn't want to yank her out of this environment because she loves it here.
He was quite tired.
Ireland has great schools.
Didn't you have something you wanted to talk to me about?
At a concert at the Asia Society in New York this spring, he performed with three friends—who played the tabla drums, the harmonium and the flute.
He prefers to go on public transport rather than to cycle.
Ziri arrived at Rima's place.
Elon Musk buys the rights to things other people invented and claims he invented them.
The worldwide economy is still sluggish, but industry analysts say that fickle, reluctant consumers can be persuaded to buy some of the new devices.
I'll make sure that you get a pay rise after the first year.
I would like to learn Russian, but my friends told me that it is difficult.
It wasn't this cold yesterday.
Ziri was a kung fu master.
Get three for the price of two.
Ziri called Rima a sewer rat.
Ziri had to excel at school.
Ziri wanted to take over Rima's apartment.
Ziri was in no mood for dancing.
The bottom part of a soapstone carving of the mythical Zimbabwe Bird was handed to President Robert Mugabe in a ceremony broadcast live Wednesday on radio and television.
Ziri had to close his eyes.
It really was a Herculean task.
Tom is very eager to go there.
I've spent my life searching for someone like you.
The cope is palpable.
Inspecting the rusty tool, I noticed the faint insignia of a long-defunct brand.
The probability is, however, low.
We ate spaghetti at our favorite restaurant.
They also found hundreds of white-tentacled anemones, but they could not collect specimens.
I've just got engaged.
Russian nationalism has increased.
The company saved millions on its corporation tax bill.
I've just bumped into your mum.
Nobody else wanted it, so I offered it to Tom.
I go walking with her.
It was a lesson for him.
We could put one on the inside of the bathroom door.
There's no excuse for your behaviour.
I can do phone or Zoom or come in, and am open to other options.
Back then, not all windows had panes.
Inside a hut that echoed with emptiness at Masizini, a village in the interior of South Africa’s Wild Coast region, a woman in a pink uniform, its shoulders adorned with purple padding into which silver and blue medals were pinned, folded her ample arms, sighed and laughed.
No one knows how things will turn out.
We were forced to postpone our departure.
I saw Tom and Mary playing tennis.
There are rats in your cellar.
They're mad.
It's an imitation.
You should wear a hat and sunglasses.
I hit a cat.
Tom is an xennial.
We've got a roach infestation.
Gene therapy could potentially allow doctors to cure some of the deadliest types of cancer and rare hereditary diseases with one injection.
We walked towards the school.
She found someone else to interview for her school project.
She gave the police her statement as to what happened.
He’s fixing computers.
Rima was in a bad mood as we left the restaurant.
It'll be turning colder over the next few days.
Then about 2.3 to 2.5 billion years ago, during the Proterozoic Eon, blue-green algae called cyanobacteria, living in Earth’s shallow oceans, began emitting enough oxygen through photosynthesis to create the permanently oxygenated atmosphere that keeps us alive today.
I'm sorry, but I don't know Tom's address.
I went home as soon as I'd finished my work.
Thankfully, the autonomous car detected the obstruction and avoided a collision.
With whom did Tom go to the cinema?
I had to pay another five dollars.
That company was quite successful, producing dozens of different models of speakers.
Where did you put my headphones?
Tom got back a week ago.
The sooner we finish this, the better.
The maintainability and the operational readiness of a number of these craft are actually suspect.
I'm tired and can't concentrate.
There is no urgency!
The cause of death hasn't been determined yet.
Let's go there on the train.
We're missing something we need in order to be happy.
Considering what you tried to do to him, it's not surprising.
Tom should buy one of these.
The people of Britain deserve better.
Tom's new song was roundly mocked by the Twitterati.
What have you done, Tom?
Not now, I am cooking.
I'd like to ask you a favour.
Tom's hair has gone grey.
It is worth while to examine how such a mind argues, what it considers as clinching evidence, how it hopes to convince the alert intellectual of to-day.
He handed in his English homework to the teacher.
Let me explain the situation to them.
Tom's family emigrated to Australia when he was a very young child.
We need to start getting ready immediately.
The Houthis are fascists.
Studying Berber online is becoming popular in Algeria.
I was there for three days.
Let your clothes dry.
You are fooling yourself!
She had to look after her sister.
The ewe has got colostrum.
Is this pumice?
She warned the children not to play in the street.
These flowers are wilting.
Ziri sent the ewe to a slaughterhouse.
Ziri's lambs are eating so much grass.
My mother covered the table before lunch.
Ziri was finally able to conjure up a plan to kill the monster.
She wandered from town to town.
Ziri throws classy parties.
Ziri looked up and almost had a heart attack when he saw a guy climbing onto his house's roof.
I'd rather stay at home than go away.
Ziri broke the door himself.
Ziri's work continued to go poorly.
The battery is more than half full.
We need to pick up the pace.
Are you going to attend the party?
Ziri took action.
Ziri got to the statue.
Betty has a charming voice.
I can't see you any more.
It's true that I had a crush on her.
Kate identifies as a straight girl.
Do you want me to help you get up there?
Ziri successfully fixed the engine.
Ziri will come back later to get the towels.
I'd like to know what my role is.
You'll probably hate this movie.
It's not really random.
My grandfather is 90 years old and is still very active.
Ziri lives in a village inside the forest.
Ziri never tried to harm Rima.
Thank you, guys, for all the help.
Ziri only makes simple strawberry smoothies.
Tom has a pair of tweezers that you could borrow.
How much would you charge to repair this?
Ziri walked away fast.
Ziri slept in the car.
We all rushed outside.
Ziri pays more.
I intend to protest.
Ziri kept singing the song in Berber.
Ziri started packing up.
Mary needs to pee.
Ziri cleaned the car.
Ziri agreed to a DNA test.
It's anyone's guess who'll win the next race.
Our form teacher Mr Tanaka got married.
The sheep were panicking.
Let's sell it.
Ziri was turning the flashlight on and off.
Even to this day, Ziri can hear the monster's terrifying roar.
Ziri is not welcome here.
Ziri doesn't use a tent.
We were informed that food was urgently needed.
The woods were on the left side of me.
Ziri is no longer welcome here.
Ziri stared forward at the closet right in front of him.
Open the door! I want to get out of here!
Silence won't help us now.
Ziri had a meth lab in the middle of the woods.
Ziri heard those cries.
They offered us many opportunities to surrender.
Women don't forget: they archive.
Ziri examined the torn throats of the dead sheep.
Ziri looked down at the treeline.
I have anxiety, and this really helps.
Ziri cannot let Rima out.
You shouldn't blindly trust Tom.
He admitted that it had been several years since he had last been behind the wheel of a car.
Ziri was going to the Chrea National Park.
Ziri stayed there for a long time.
Ziri immediately got on the phone.
Ziri got up and went to the bathroom.
We visited our mother's grave.
Ziri hiked at dawn to avoid the hot African sun.
The river was running full and fast.
Where is the east?
That is all that is waiting for them.
Ziri parked his truck facing the clearing.
I hope you have a nice day.
He's eating nuts.
The fields were quite flooded.
I insist.
Ziri enjoyed the service.
Ziri's mind went back to his childhood.
IdaBot is a robot that looks like a tank without a turret, armed not with guns, but with cameras and radio frequency sensors.
That wasn't a happy smile.
Ziri laid next to Rima.
He is not your enemy.
Ziri's dog got hurt by the jackal.
Ziri still has much to learn in this world we live in.
Tom can remember everything.
Ziri took a trip to the creek.
Ziri joined a group of campers.
He rarely goes there.
Purity is unnatural.
Friday is ages away!
Ziri ran as fast as he could towards the station.
Ziri was just a few meters away.
Tom needs to deal with that.
Ziri was waiting for other staff members to arrive.
Ziri is not healthy.
Ziri had light again.
In the blink of an eye, the creature was gone, disappearing in the woods.
Ziri heard the door creak open.
She got angry at me.
Prices are going up too much.
Actions say more than words.
The movie tells the coming-of-age story of a group of high school students.
I hope Peter Thiel dies at the hands of his fellow far-right scumbags.
My big sister runs every day.
Tom looked daggers at me when I gave him a friendly hello. What's up with him today?
She wants to cut her long hair short.
Dad's taking a bath.
Ziri should never have let Rima go to work that evening.
Russia invaded Ukraine.
What century do we live in?
Fashion is a dictatorship of taste.
I was hot.
In my opinion, there is a conjunction missing.
You're the last person I'd ask for advice.
I can't believe how cute you are.
Ziri has a great job.
We're tired, but happy to be here.
The Republican Party's policies are deeply unpopular, which is why they continue to lose even in a system rigged in their favor.
The girl is in the bathroom.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Friday she expects managing the COVOD-19 pandemic will become more difficult as the year progresses.
It didn't rain today.
I think that house looks really ugly and not pretty.
Researchers found that the worst pollutants on the Great Barrier Reef were not tiny bits of plastic, but microfibers containing synthetic polymers nylon and polyester.
Tom is a fatso.
Make the shopping list.
Mary, there was a letter for you in the letter box. From Tom. Here it is. "I don't want to read it. Throw it away please, John."
Rima found dignity in Islam.
Deep down, Tom thought his mother was the type of person who could've done it.
Turn right at the next corner, please.
Ziri was intensely attracted to a man.
Santa, why can't grown-ups get presents? "That's because I want to give dreams to children."
She put the software on her computer.
We were at high school.
Ziri read his school's name.
Ziri is a Mormon.
Ziri still wasn't home.
Ziri painted his room.
Ziri escaped using the elevator.
Even if it’s raining, she still goes out.
I felt like I understood him, even though we didn't see eye to eye.
Ziri and Rima were playing.
Ziri and Rima took that.
She credits her creativity to her mother.
I texted Silya.
The Quran is a living miracle.
Ziri will call the police on Rima.
In Hungary, Orban became Prime Minister in 1998.
We are tired.
They're dreaming.
Ziri and Rima felt rejuvenated.
Ziri turned up the music volume.
I am strange.
Hindutva is destroying India's international image as an example of religious tolerance.
Ziri was sitting on a bench in front of Rima.
I'm going to the library to read books.
The whole approach of the US foreign policy is wrong-headed and dangerous.
Jordan Peterson is right about that.
I'll be staying at Tom's place.
Algiers has at least three amusement parks.
Islam is Algeria's official religion.
The new ways threaten the old ways.
They paid attention.
Pink is her favorite color.
Rima and Skura stopped crying.
You smell disgusting.
We swam there.
Ziri and Rima hate asparagus.
Rima and Skura help Mina.
We stopped dancing.
Rima and Skura were paid.
They spent ridiculous amounts of money.
Ziri and Rima took revenge.
She never drove.
He was Algerian.
Rima and Skura ruined it.
He was scratched.
I was dedicated.
We were frustrated.
Rima fired repeatedly.
She loved attention.
Rima tried listening.
Mosquitoes irritate me.
Rima and Skura never dance.
They came running.
Ziri and Rima lost consciousness.
He was powerless.
They sounded insane.
Rima and Skura interviewed presidents.
Are you sure you'll be alright?
Does Ziri have something to do with this?
Rima screamed and cried over her deceased son.
Ziri was released with a warning but Rima was kept in prison.
I thought I'd got over you.
She used to dress luxuriously.
We walked around.
We immediately felt annoyed.
He was pretty small.
Ziri and Rima became architects.
They went to check.
Ziri saw that the previous day.
Ziri used to do that ritual a few times every year.
Ziri gave Rima the ugliest look.
I don't suppose anyone will notice.
Ziri and Rima are quite big.
He counted on Linda.
She's cooking something.
They were teasing Linda.
Rima made the salad.
Rima and Skura broke the stove.
Ziri found that exciting.
This started to get weird.
Ziri drowned in the swimming pool.
Ziri motioned for Rima to come over to his car.
Ziri was really enjoying the drive.
Ziri killed his family.
I don’t want to live in the city forever.
I clean my teeth after half nine at night.
Ziri doesn't share secrets with gossipers.
Ziri sells dates.
I think a few cards are missing from the deck.
My existence has been marked by loneliness for the most part.
They are now drawing lessons to make sure that rumors and misinformation will never again scuttle a vital health campaign.
Can someone recommend to me a good dictionary suitable for beginners?
I feel personally attacked by this.
What happens after death?
Ziri needs to stop wasting his time.
Be straight about it, if you're lying.
Ziri didn't even realize what Rima was up to.
The number 420 symbolizes cannabis.
Ziri wanted to put an end to his tragedy.
Ziri came out of the hospital with a cast.
Ziri seemed to be avoiding the topic.
Ziri started speaking promises to Rima.
They were accompanied by a carter, a second man, and a boy, who now kicked a large stone behind one of the wheels, and allowed the panting animals to have a long rest, while those in charge took a flagon off the load and indulged in a drink round.
You know I wouldn't desert you.
In work of that nature very often, when men on the job think they have struck a hard snag, something comes up suddenly which clears the matter so they do not require outside assistance.
Ziri tried the loquats.
Medlars are never seen today on supermarket shelves.
Ziri picked the medlars off the tree before the frost.
That's the best approach to take.
Ziri got promoted at work and he was ecstatic.
Daniel talked to Amanda about Walid having no friends.
Daniel asked Amanda to accompany him on the trip to Algiers.
IQ scores have been dropping since the 1990s.
I avoid discussing my personal life with strangers.
Jessica cleaned Donald's house for him.
Donald chose the road going to the right.
Donald doesn't spend much time with Jessica ever since he moved in here.
Donald wandered around the mansion.
The tension was so high you could cut it with a knife.
Did you notice what time it was when Tom left?
It's true that he doesn't do his duties well, but I don't want to make him feel bad.
Have fun with your new friends.
Daniel suddenly realized that he was in love.
I wonder who is standing next to Tom.
Daniel looked into Amanda's deep brown eyes and then, he kissed her.
Amanda had no tears or emotions left for that.
It seems that Tom is behind this.
Daniel is afraid of water.
Daniel has completely forgotten about the guests.
Life is full of traps.
Don't do that now. We'll do it all in one go later.
It takes only a few days for the moth's eggs to hatch.
David awkwardly excused himself from the situation.
David shouldn't let Martha's memory burden him.
Bangladesh Bank has also assured full cooperation.
David showed Amanda her new room.
David comes from a very lovely family.
David wasn't even supposed to be in Amanda's class.
David burst into tears again.
Isn't there somebody you forgot to ask?
Men and women lie to each other all the time.
James came home feeling like a much different person.
All the girls immediately fell in love with James.
The audience loved James's song.
Tom found out something about Mary that worried him.
Even the apartment buildings were the same as they used to be.
James had a beautiful voice.
James didn't hesitate for a moment to go and seek help.
Amanda used to share this home with her deceased husband, James.
Stick with him.
John doesn't know which one of us is actually famous.
There was a reason John was hiding his face.
John had to find a way to make Jessica forget Samuel.
Just at that moment, the bus stopped.
He feels no regret for murdering his girlfriend.
On whatever level, you can't compete with me.
I'm waiting for a bus.
I keep running into my ex-husband everywhere.
We naturally tend towards pleasure.
You are just a rug head!
Things change gradually.
White says people have been showing their appreciation by bringing comfort food to the workers, Louisiana-style — spaghetti with venison and the local specialty, jambalaya.
John is like the opposite a first-born is supposed to be.
John started rummaging through the drawers.
John wanted to get closer to Jessica.
John showed Jessica a strange video.
There is no damage estimate yet.
Black to move.
Tom is known for his skills as a psychic medium.
Gear up and let's go!
The driver wasn't injured.
His new flame is bisexual.
I'm glad Tom stopped dipping.
Jayjay was terrified for a second.
Mark pretended not to know about anything.
Try using fewer words.
You have to stop making all of those excuses.
It's easy to guess why this happens.
I'm blocked by anxiety.
She realised she was in love with him.
He always wears sunglasses.
The laboratory is at the end of this corridor.
How are the puppers?
There aren't many stores near where I live.
Certain habits are hard to lose.
They arrived over there before us.
What are you doing with that bomb?
Mary and Anna are racing down the road, bumper to bumper.
The British Chief Rabbi is really only the head of one Orthodox group.
Mark knows his worth.
Mark's look projects self-esteem.
Wetlands help to mitigate the effects of flooding by absorbing excess water.
ESG Admins will be notified and they will reach out to the user via email.
Tom has some extremely problematic views.
The paint was chipped.
He wouldn't blink if you killed me.
I held her in my arms.
Algerians want to be the masters of their own destiny.
Mark didn't know any Jessicas.
Mark was quickly gaining popularity.
What kind of cheese is that? It hasn't got any holes!
There you are, my dear.
Matthew was singing a song in Berber.
I've left the guidebook at the hotel.
We must, he said, stop at the first house we came to and beg a night's lodging, since upon no account dared he proceed towards home at the risk of laming the horse.
My friend had no breakfast himself, for it was one of his peculiarities that in his more intense moments he would permit himself no food.
Matthew called a friend for help.
Matthew's bedroom window was wide open.
You don't have to resort to jerking off. You've got your girlfriend.
Tom asked me if I'd go with him.
Matthew's bullies tried to force Walid into a fight with Dan.
Matthew even started to experiment with the recipes in the old cookbook, adding his own twists and flavors to create unique dishes.
Michael turned the lamp off.
Tom got hurt in a fight.
Michael found fox tracks in the snow.
Michael kept bragging about his victory at dinner.
Michael was constantly goofing off, telling stories and making all the girls like him.
Who compiled this list?
What will you be doing next weekend?
Michael snuck into the office and stole money from the safe.
Michael got back to school the next week.
I saw a ghost cat.
Robert got a D again.
Robert didn't care about Martha at all.
Robert participated in another marathon.
Robert was at the hospital gate.
Robert took Sandra to a very famous restaurant.
Robert was just a figment of Sandra's imagination.
Robert constantly stared at Sandra.
Tom has been delving into black magic.
William quickly got up.
William went back to the van.
William jumped away.
Tom changed out of his uniform as soon as he got home.
Will Tom ever change?
William accidentally missed the entry to his neighborhood.
She won't even open the door for me.
How did you take care of that problem?
William saw the incident.
Nobody has ever made it back from the other side.
If a Roman slave killed their master, all of that master's slaves were crucified.
The typhoon caused considerable damage along the entire coast.
How does Elias attend that contest?
Elias painted a lot.
He is considered the father of the country.
Mary wasn't interested in Tom's sonnet.
Elias put on his shoes to take his dog for a walk.
I'm trying to have a fucking serious conversation with you.
You were coughing up blood.
Although Anna works full-time, the money often doesn't go far enough.
It's raining and I'm working in a cold room.
William was determined to train every day to achieve his fitness goals.
Do you speak French? "Yes, I speak French pretty well."
Tom was trying to conceal something.
I was personally born at home in the village.
The special forces team arrived and started to shoot at the inmates indiscriminately.
William watched the sunset from the airplane window as he flew westward.
I've left my wallet at home.
Tom fixed the wobbly chair.
Do you have any luggage?
Elias pulled back his curtain.
Felix wanted to visit the haunted cabin in the mountains.
Felix is too far away from home.
Felix is home on winter break.
Felix didn't know how to read the tarot cards.
Tom wouldn't learn French.
Felix opened the bag to see what was inside.
Felix went up to the house in the dark.
All of Gunter's wrinkles were gone.
No reports of human casualties have been listed.
Those aliens are capable of communication with humans.
Tom unzipped.
You must give me your word.
Gunter has a spiked fence.
These are graves of at least a century ago.
Gunter brought along five million dinars in cash.
Gunter stopped and turned around.
Gunter went to the arcade right after school.
Jonas cannot find the car key.
You need to be ready to leave at any time.
He reflected for a moment.
And why should I do that?
Jonas took pictures of Amelia's duffel bag.
Jonas screamed a high-pitched scream like a girl.
Jonas doesn't want to end up homeless.
Jonas handed Rima an envelope.
Jonas led Rima into the garden.
Karl refused and got mad.
Karl stopped spinning around.
Do you fancy going to the cinema tomorrow night?
The more risks you take, the more likely it is that you'll get hurt.
Karl entered the hospital room.
Karl's dialect and mannerisms were very different from Amelia's.
There was no one to be seen as far as the eye could see.
Karl took out his camera.
Karl was kept contained on the space station.
Karl’s house is secured by an electronic system.
Leon asked Rima to never give up.
I was visiting some friends in Boston.
Leon's heart was pounding against his chest.
Leon was focused on the TV.
I have a beach umbrella you can borrow.
What can I do to make you change your mind?
Leon can't tell for sure.
Leon told Amelia he lost his phone.
Leon installed cameras everywhere.
Lukas ran towards the machine.
Lukas decided to track down Rima’s mother.
Lukas had a freakish smile on his face.
Lukas was using a stolen credit card.
Lukas gave Amelia a disturbing smile as soon as they made eye contact.
Lukas was blood-thirsty.
Lukas is a genetic engineer.
Lukas is the handyman.
Paul asked Amelia if anyone knew she was there.
It costs me a fortune in maintenance.
Paul called the house phone and thankfully, his dad picked up right away.
Is Tom a zombie?
Remember when Trump tried to start a war with Iran?
Paul got really drunk.
The door leads to the back of the building.
Paul is the president of Nani Inc.
Paul tried to protect Rima.
Stefan grabbed the knife before Amelia could.
Stefan's hotel looked a little rundown.
Stefan couldn't see anything under that cloth.
Stefan was unaware that someone was watching him.
Are you coming round mine for some doughnuts?
Stefan had the distinct sounds of gunshots.
Stefan missed the shot.
Tobias said that he knew Isabella.
Did someone hit you?
Tobias was homeless and had nothing to his name.
Tobias didn't flick the light switch on.
Tobias keeps his Instagram account on private.
Tobias imagined Rima and Walid hugging affectionately.
It's possible that you were mistaken.
Tobias told Isabella to go back to sleep.
Tobias pushed the door with all his might to keep it shut.
The blinds were shut.
Mary could not imagine spending a year in Korea.
Tobias's house had a dirty look to it.
Alberto found a rotting carcass in the basement.
She sat in front of me.
Despite our lack of sleep, we spent a long time sitting in a pub.
Alberto was still on the phone with the police.
I've gotten completely hooked on Twitter recently, and it's not good.
The house was absolutely abandoned.
Alberto ran to the office downstairs.
Alberto went over and talked to his neighbor.
Bruno was so full of hate and spite.
Bruno assured Rima he would come back for her.
Bruno told Rima that her boss was a jerk.
I got up at 5 a.m.
The phone on the counter rang.
Bruno's shift ended.
Life on the island wasn't exactly idyllic.
Bruno was fully recovered.
I made up being sick so I wouldn't go to school.
Tom cooked us a very good meal.
Claudio was standing at Isabella's door in his pajamas.
Claudio moved away just as the light revealed him.
Tom was the one who asked me to do this, not Mary.
Who wrote this obituary?
Claudio was afraid to look into the rear-view mirror.
When Claudio noticed Isabella staring at him, it gave him the creeps.
Claudio was able to sleep after that.
Claudio called out for Isabella.
Considering how many more mass shootings cis people commit than trans people, it's worth asking whether there is something inherent to cisgenderism that promotes violent terrorism.
Damiano told Isabella he would be right back.
Damiano asked Isabella if everything was fine.
Damiano threw a snowball at a car.
Damiano took the gold.
Damiano talked to the train operator.
A crew was sent to reactivate the Sun.
Damiano believed that anything is possible.
Damiano noticed that Rima was still awake.
I guess that's a problem.
Flavio has just moved in here.
Flavio cooks often.
Flavio did not speak or understand Berber.
Flavio was in the village.
Flavio was clumsy.
Flavio will be returning soon with help.
Just because Flavio isn’t hear doesn’t mean that he can’t hear us.
I crawled into his bed.
I keep my hair cut short.
Lorenzo should be proud of himself.
Unfortunately, you are no longer eligible for the prize.
Tom is stronger than you might think.
Yes, he wears glasses.
Lorenzo started screaming for help.
Lorenzo let the cops in.
Time will tell which of the two are right.
Lorenzo saw absolutely nothing there.
Lorenzo and Melissa both looked at each other.
Lorenzo was wandering upstairs.
Lorenzo started walking faster.
Martino and Rima can’t get divorced because of Walid.
Martino ran upstairs.
Martino left to chase after Rima.
The aliens will kill everyone on Earth.
He does not like me.
Martino got a few groceries.
Martino gradually learnt Berber.
Pietro was able to retaliate.
I've got a cousin who lives in Boston.
Pietro was in a maid uniform, standing outside.
The team reported that the genetically engineered basmati rice was able to survive in salty soil, at low temperatures and during dry periods.
Pietro wanted to get to the bottom of the truth.
Three years, I think, is a long time.
They starved him to death.
Adriano apologized for startling Melissa.
Adriano exited the park.
I shan't keep you waiting.
Adriano took lots of pictures at the zoo.
The winery's history interested Adriano.
The street had a steep hill.
The secret to Adriano's amazing steak is his marinade.
Adriano inspected Rima’s body intimately.
Adriano retired.
Benedito's spa has a jacuzzi.
Benedito needs a ride to the airport.
The ceviche at Benedito's restaurant is refreshing.
It was tender on the outside and gave the promise of food, but its inside was hard and stringy, and, like the berries, it had no food value.
Let's remember the bottom line.
Tom was pulled over for speeding, but the police officer let him off with a warning.
Benedito irrigated the crops with water.
He must have stayed awake all night watching over me.
Benedito's date was into astronomy, so they went to an observatory.
Benedito is proud of his healthy baby goats.
Benedito scolded his German Shepherd for wandering too far from the flock of sheep he was supposed to be guarding.
The herd dog responds to Carlos's every command.
He respects her time and commitments.
She doesn't like her stepsons.
At that point, she reached for my face and scratched me.
Carlos was proud to be the CEO of such a successful company.
As a warehouse worker, Carlos is responsible for inventory management.
Carlos left to go back to his hotel.
Carlos and Rima engaged in a gunfight.
Wheat is a staple food in America. People eat it everyday. My favorite wheat products are donuts, or "fánkok" in Hungarian.
Carlos is feeling the pressure of the upcoming exam.
Carlos is compelled to tell everything about Rima.
I need Tom to stay here.
Diego always talked about that.
Diego shouted for Melissa to let him in.
Diego paid Melissa and she left.
Diego couldn't tell exactly where that noise came from.
Diego was the first person Melissa met in that new school.
Diego boarded the subway.
I have absolutely no idea who this woman is.
He doesn't work for free.
Edmundo heard a noise outside his window.
Edmundo didn't have a mask on.
Edmundo wanted to celebrate his restaurant’s 40th anniversary.
Edmundo was looking into the woods.
The crowd started cheering.
Now we're just waiting on you.
Gabriel and Rima often quarrelled.
Gabriel cautiously looked around.
Tom did a botch job on the washing machine.
Gabriel made his announcement.
Algeria can reduce corruption by implementing anti-corruption measures, increasing transparency in government operations, and enforcing strict penalties for corrupt behavior.
He's abusing his powers.
I won't ever eat here again.
I admit that it was a mistake.
I got home from work.
Gabriel looked inside the house.
We will persuade you.
I've lived in this house for thirty years.
Gabriel waved at his reflection in the mirror, checking his appearance.
I will meet you at the train.
What is your mom saying?
Gustavo was left unprotected.
I met my wife on a train to Russia.
Gustavo told Rima he had other plans.
Gustavo offered to buy Rima a drink.
Love is the bedrock of my life.
Gustavo tried to call for help using his cellphone.
Gustavo only saw the stranger briefly.
The English teacher often interrupts non-native speakers when they are speaking, making them feel self-conscious and hesitant to participate.
Antonio has a guardian angel.
Antonio was talking to his parents.
Antonio was kept safe at home.
Antonio regained consciousness.
Antonio explored the area.
Antonio was mute.
How beautiful is this old woman!
Rodrigo was horrified.
Please stop acting like a nitwit and start taking things seriously.
I don't believe in the Church.
Swift horses pulled the chariots.
They helped her overcome her fear of public speaking.
Adolf is having lunch.
Algeria can promote tourism by creating a comprehensive and user-friendly tourism website that provides information on attractions, accommodations, and travel itineraries can attract more tourists.
I gardened and planted flowers all day long.
Rodrigo suspected something.
Rodrigo was excited.
The warden gathered all the inmates in the yard for a speech.
Rodrigo gave Rima some type of drug.
Santiago was sitting in the back of the room.
Santiago cornered Rima.
You’re both of age.
We love the same woman.
Buddhism is the fifth most popular religion in India.
Tears fell down Tom's cheeks.
I hope Santiago rots in hell.
AI is more than capable of doing the job of a bad journalist, but not of a good one.
Santiago pulled up in front of a mosque.
Santiago was reluctant to go.
Santiago's house was in a pretty rough shape.
Santiago dragged Rima off the bed.
Boris got out of there.
Boris is waiting for his transport.
Do not forget to log out.
All I did during my vacation was play golf.
I write so people understand me.
Boris was wearing a diamond ring.
Boris was able to find Melissa after about five minutes of searching.
Boris packed up his tent and headed to the next campsite.
The incident shook Boris to his soul.
Can we build a city on Mars?
Boris underwent intensive training.
Dmitri left the fire going and went into his tent.
Dmitri still couldn't find the snake.
Dmitri never had a dangerous encounter in the woods.
Is this also yours?
Chigurh has an uncanny ability to disappear without a trace.
I spend several hours a day studying Russian.
What Dmitri is going to witness will be biblical.
Rima is too good to be someone’s mistress.
Dmitri pretended to call someone.
It is not a problem.
No matter where you are in the world, you're never truly safe.
If you’re hoping for me to beg, forget it!
I don't see it that way at all.
Fyodor can't come to Algeria.
Debris was everywhere.
Tom remembered what Mary did.
He was staring straight ahead.
Fyodor forgot his key.
The dung beetle can push things almost 1000 times its own body weight.
I don't remember the name of the place we stayed last summer.
If it rains, we're going to stay home.
I want to buy a combination lock.
Fyodor sped out of there as fast as he could.
I remember telling Tom that.
Fyodor left without saying anything.
Fyodor entered the classroom.
I was struggling to stay awake.
This chemical is mainly used for killing rodents.
Igor stumbled back as if surprised.
They won't be honest because they know what they did was wrong.
In 2003, the Algerian city of Boumerdes suffered a terrible earthquake.
Igor covered a large portion of the journey on foot.
Igor searched for a dead body.
Igor couldn't hear a single damn thing.
If it doesn't rain tomorrow, let's go out.
Igor hobbled forward as far as he could.
Igor and Anna used to eat together.
Everyone had a great night.
Ivan was drawing a sketch of Rima.
Ivan put on Rima the bracelet.
Ivan noticed the scars on Rima’s back.
When we’re young we think we’re different from everyone else, but when we grow a little older we discover we’re all very much of a muchness.
Ivan saw Rima going to the shrine.
Ivan left the building without Rima.
Ivan turned into a statue again.
I can only say that the crime for which we stand on trial to-day was justifiable, and needs no penalty to purge it.
All or our children went to school in Australia.
During the hearing, judges had criticized the government for a “regressive mindset” after it cited numerous reasons to limit women’s role in the army including “motherhood, childcare, and psychological limitations.”
Tom's new tattoo was designed by Mary.
Miroslav tried to buy the boatman.
Can't you wait until 2.30?
The spider approached the bath mat.
Western military interventions in sovereign states undermine the principle of national sovereignty and impede the establishment of a multipolar global system.
Jugurtha was assassinated in a prison cell in Rome.
Tom eats a lot of meat, which isn't good for his health.
Miroslav would never ask Anna to do something like that.
It appears that certain users of the website express annoyance towards the presence of the Algerian translator, regardless of his efforts to enhance the website's content.
What the fuck is wrong with you, door? Open, dammit!
Miroslav played so well in the beginning.
Oleg greeted the couple.
I'll stay put.
Oleg took out the knife Anna had given him.
Oleg has a beautiful family and Rima doesn’t want to get in the way of that.
Oleg gave Rima a blanket to keep herself warm.
Oleg was betrayed.
I've been thinking about Tom all day today.
Oleg asked Rima to be kind to his child.
Rima used love magic on Oleg.
Oleg looked like a soldier who was about to go to war.
Sitting at rows of sewing machines, 40 men are making clothes ranging from little girls' party dresses to trendy, silk tops detailed with intricate embroidery.
Leonid was cooking us breakfast.
My grandfather was a doctor.
Tom got inside the house.
I spent all weekend making a model airplane.
Zoology is my favorite subject.
Irish people, Italian people, and Eastern European Jews started coming to America in large numbers around the same time.
I laid low.
What time does the shopping center close?
What made that noise?
Something happened here.
Algeria's focus on the Kabyle dialect is instrumental in the establishment of a standardized Berber language.
Leonid tried to make Rima jealous.
Taiwan should be Chinese. "Taiwan is Chinese!"
Aren't there many translators?
That's no fish.
Guide the sheep towards the pasture.
A chambermaid holding a duster is waiting outside the door.
I'm not sure we can make it.
Leonid was never interested in people, let alone a cute girl.
This Shawi dress makes you irresistible.
The scam cost Leonid four million dinars.
Leonid went home on a bus.
I don't think I can do that!
I don't like catfish.
I intend to get drunk.
I intend to write a book about what happened here.
I'm still poor.
I'm still not sure who he is.
I've told you all I know.
She phoned the police immediately.
You're the cheekiest of the lot!
Am I famous?
Am I allowed to talk?
Mayas is a criminal judge.
She took the day off.
She gutted the gazelle.
They tried the loquats.
They walked around the store.
The bat flapped its wings to take off.
I ignored the radio.
We frightened the deer.
They presented the story.
For whom sit these snakes, sizzling atop your heads?
Stay away from the river's edge, it can crumble.
Give it to me again.
This place has to be a secret between you and me.
Why's Tom so tired?
It was hard for me to breathe.
Am I making a big mistake?
Avoid leaving empty cups or plates in your room; bring them to the kitchen.
Would you like a belt made of genuine leather?
Did you notice your belt is too loose?
Yuri became unexplicably ill after the trip.
What do you do in the Netherlands?
This is my gift to you.
Don't open suspicious emails or click on unknown links.
Have you found a replacement for Yuri?
Can you describe any cultural nuances you've encountered while using different languages?
Do you have a preferred language learning app for vocabulary practice?
Stay close to the group and don't wander off.
Do you have experience working with CRM systems?
You can park wherever you want.
Check your email for important updates.
Include restorative yoga for relaxation and recovery.
Are you a teenager?
Let's establish a healthy routine. Start by going to bed early.
Let's keep our home tidy and organized.
Keep the radio away from water, okay?
Keep the turtle's tank away from direct sunlight.
Bedtime is approaching, kiddo. Get yourself ready for a cozy sleep.
Your TV speakers sound amazing.
Clean your room before you go out to play.
There will be sanctions against the officer.
Why did you pop round?
Are you a worrier?
The goat stretched its neck to reach the leaves.
What do you make of a story like this?
The demon lord Tom's minions have begun to attack travelers.
Tom paid Mary a visit.
Since he left the country, he has not returned.
You can't start from scratch.
Begin reading from the top of the page.
I know what you are looking for.
Let's drink schnapps.
Don't worry, I'll bring it back.
We didn't understand his logic.
The police officers uncuffed the prisoner.
Is there a starter?
If you can't beat them, burn them.
Are you on your feet?
What has he been doing so far?
Will you do me a favour?
Take a knife.
Tom said you were making something.
If it's that bad, you should go to the hospital.
Tom wants to become a trucker like his father.
They did not tell each other about the size of their savings.
Jones says this annual luncheon offers a chance to relax after months of promoting the movie.
Please call me Tom from now on.
Tom has clout.
I had aches.
I've never worn a dinner jacket.
I was all ready to do it.
Will you please get lost?
Get a rag.
I could stare at your face forever.
When I am gone, come what will.
He was sacked for theft.
Tom was arrested for aggravated assault.
How was yoga?
The dishwasher was still there.
Vladimir misinterpreted things.
Tom charmed Mary.
Tom corrupted Mary.
Did he bring a present?
Vladimir saw a human figure walk across the hall.
Tom was uncontrollable.
My mom made me get a job against my will.
Tom doesn't usually wear flip-flops.
His mechanical ingenuity has also been displayed in the construction of an orrery consisting of at least 1,000 wheels, which, by a single winch, turns all the planets in their respective periods, and also the whole of the satellites.
I went to a gig last night. "How was it?"
Tom usually works alone.
Yuri blamed Martha for a betrayal that never happened.
Why do you lie all the time?
Yuri silently walked over and started packing up his belongings.
Which one is the fake?
He asked himself.
Yuri and Martha were in the hammock, kissing.
What kinds of things do you hope to accomplish?
Would you undraw the curtains?
Give me a coat hanger.
Catholics should get their own house in order before condemning queer people for far less.
Where shall I sleep?
I have no doubt that she loves you.
I don't use X.
Yuri was an outsider in that class.
Yuri wasn't in a rush to help Martha.
Tom really sings well.
He questioned the college's accreditation.
Boldi was close to animals.
Don't associate with evil men.
I'm too lazy.
We've got no idea where he is.
Boldi got only bad grades.
The children exchanged sweets.
Boldi opened the folder.
What did Tom sign for?
Tom was disruptive.
Boldi didn't know what was the cause of it.
This water is pretty clean.
Maybe I just need a hug.
I think I can hear something behind us.
I'll refresh his memory.
Gabor found a dead monkey in the forest.
Gabor turned his phone back on.
Allah is little.
Tom is afraid of sugar damaging his health.
Gabor hit Martha in the head with a ball.
Gabor made it to the hall.
Growing up, Gabor didn't have many friends.
Handle DVDs by the edges.
If it's unfair for trans women to compete in women's sports, how come coaches aren't trying to recruit trans women to get an edge?
This neighbourhood is violent.
Like many small town archives, there are high school yearbooks, newspapers, even old telephone directories.
You will soon understand why Tom did it.
If the January 6, 2020 riot at the U.S. Capitol had been a left-wing protest, everyone near the building complex who didn't work there would have been arrested that day.
Initially, the government appropriated all of their land so they could be used by foreign investors.
Uranus is sometimes visible to the naked eye, but is very dim.
But the election overseers say official results may have to be delayed while they investigate a rising number of serious charges of voting fraud.
After traversing Hungary and Bohemia, skirting the Adriatic to Wallachia, and following the banks of the Danube, we arrived at Constantinople.
I'm sure you'll like this film.
Grass is green.
Tom threatened us with a gun.
BDSM is a costly hobby.
Is she French?
Anyone can take part.
Thank you for calling. This is the Japan Post Redelivery Reception Center.
They often act on pathos.
NGOs claimed that endemic corruption was one cause for human rights abuses, with moneyed interests using corrupt government officials to harass and intimidate activists and groups that impeded their businesses.
She's Kabyle.
Tom spoke Russian without the slightest accent.
Who does this flat belong to?
What is your decision-making process?
Take care of your work.
We have no great love for you.
Don't stick your head out like that.
Suddenly, Janos's smile disappeared.
The next day, Janos overslept.
Janos came to support his friend.
Because I haven't got a washing machine at home, I have to wash my clothes at the launderette.
Janos had a good dog.
Janos was walking in the dark dense woods.
Janos was still an obnoxious presence.
Clear the table first.
I'd like the Hungarian goulash.
The rain made camping a pain.
The creature took a step towards Kalman.
Kalman's cabin is somewhat new.
I did not invite anyone this weekend.
So many sleeping in the same room, so many breaths, so much stour arising from their working-clothes, so much perspiration from the men themselves, it is impossible to be comfortable.
We don't know exactly where we were born.
I'm not allowed to drive because I haven't got a licence.
It took him four attempts over several years, but in nineteen eighty-five, he became the two hundred and seventieth person to swim across the Channel.
No it won't.
Are your tires OK?
Because of his Russian ethnicity, Igor was forced to leave Kiev.
Tom used to call Mary Honey.
Our granny is an expert at pickling foods.
Kalman was horrified and didn't know what to do.
Is Tom leaving this office?
We don't like each other very much.
I fell while walking along the street.
His dad bought him a teddy.
The legionnaires were setting people on fire with gas.
Are you alone in the office?
Has Tom written to you lately?
You don't look like a teenager.
Did you find somewhere to sleep?
Tom was right about Boston.
By my reckoning, this is of the highest quality.
Was Tom a soldier?
Can you fill this form out for us?
Tom bailed out of the plane.
You're getting nothing.
Mary bathed herself in milk.
This is one of the most important challenges of the 21st century.
I had Tom come over.
Esther isn't my TA.
Mary tasted the water herself.
Tom helped Mary financially.
I like to play polo.
Would you like something to drink? A glass of wine?
It's cancer.
She didn't even recognize me.
Kalman's beard feels soft.
Congratulations to you and Tom.
What are you specifically concerned about?
Midges can be quite bothersome when you're outdoors near water.
He was a little bit buzzed.
He lived on that island.
I heard the door creak open and turned to see who was there.
Did an insect bite you?
Kalman went outside to check out those lights.
Tom was very surprised, according to Mary.
I warned Tom about that.
The pipe got clogged.
Google is my best friend.
We'll keep searching until Tom is found.
I had three friends in Boston that I wanted to visit.
Tom has been there even longer than Mary.
When was the last time you and Tom went camping together?
Tell me about what you did in Boston.
I'm habitually doing at least 15 minutes of cardio daily.
It's unusual for you to be late.
Tom may attempt suicide.
Is it true that someone stole your mittens?
Sport utility vehicles don't have much to do with sports, except that they can lug bikes and other gear off-road through mud and snow.
Tom always walks home from school.
Mary slipped and hurt herself.
His life story is, in point of fact, vastly more complex and many-sided than the following handful of unpretentious and unoriginal pages suggest.
How long has Tom been dating Mary?
Are you bringing anyone tomorrow?
We were good friends.
Summer this year is finally over.
People like Tom see the truth as a means to an end to be deployed whenever lies are unnecessary.
Lajos encouraged his employees to be happy about their salaries.
A study looks at how preconceived notions, along with the appearance of a politician, can influence how you vote.
Fire, Ziri!
December is the final month of the year.
I'm not at liberty to discuss this with you.
I am keeping her company.
Just wait over there. I'll be back in a sec.
I love to eat beans with rice.
The airplane soared through the clouds.
Brioche buns elevate the taste.
What a dirty thing to do!
You're the mayor's daughter, aren't you?
I'm afraid there will always be wars.
The car was parked in front of the building.
Come with me to the village.
Several universities, including most of the top schools in the U.S., have waived the testing requirement for standard entrance exams during the pandemic.
Guess whose boyfriend that is.
Tom received 96.8% of the vote. The election was rigged, of course.
The mosquito that carries the Zika virus lays its eggs in old tires, water cisterns, bottle caps—any place where there's a drop or two of water.
Have you got a token for the shopping trolley?
Where and in what year was Joseph Haydn born?
Tolerating racism and dehumanization perpetuates systemic injustice.
I'll admit that such a person is mischievous and ought to be shut up, either by jailing him or putting a plaster over his mouth, but I can't believe Jake Kasker guilty of those circulars.
All humans are equal, but some are more equal than others.
Mary had many suitors.
Avoid overloading the fridge; it can affect its cooling efficiency.
If you borrow something from a sibling, return it when you're done.
We were able to overcome deep-rooted conflicts and divisions.
It will only make things worse.
They stopped in front of the bank.
I had a Canadian girlfriend when I was in college.
Get some fresh air.
It's disheartening to consistently face opposition from you whenever I share my ideas.
Their religious beliefs center around acknowledging and accepting the existence of the Devil.
Everyone wants to talk to Tom.
All the announcements were in French.
I know this is the most difficult decision you'll ever have to make.
I'm a physics major.
I do love Halloween.
Let me briefly explain it.
I have seen Tom here.
I plant an orange tree.
I hugged Tom, but I didn't hug Mary.
An already weird Olympics may soon get weirder. Forecasters say Tropical Storm Nepartak has formed off Japan’s east coast and could hit Tokyo late Monday or Tuesday.
I saw the baby sucking its thumb.
Consider me your loyal companion, always available to support and assist you.
This is the worst Halloween party ever.
We have to find a way out.
I prefer not to think about it.
What do you feel is the meaning of your life?
People like him because he's nice.
I often get lost in life.
In Christianity, a hypocrite is one of the worst things to be. In Judaism, it is best to be sincere and mindful in carrying out commandments, but it is also better to perform them without believing in them than not to perform them at all.
I'm a humble man.
Don't you think I've got a sense of humour?
Tom didn't deserve the praise that he received.
What do we mean when we say "community"?
How long is the probationary period?
Old habits never change.
You're being punished for what you did to Tom.
It can be felt.
When did you start dating Tom?
Nothing bad is going to happen to you.
Tom sure has style.
Let me bounce something off you.
The results are still unconfirmed.
Let's visit Tom together.
He became the minister of energy and mines.
Tom has been accused of being a serial killer.
Tom was standing there stark naked.
Strawberries are dear in winter.
Could you be frank with me?
I seldom eat anything before noon.
Tom raised his hand when his name was called.
They're glued shut.
Why are you late? "Flat tyre."
Quit causing problems for everyone.
In the 2011–2012 growing season, the Mauritanian government began some new strategies to increase the yield and amount of crops grown. By training young farmers about agriculture, investing money into more irrigation, and introducing genetically modified crops that can survive in Mauritanian conditions, leaders of the country are hopeful that better times are to come for farming.
Sing a bit louder.
Federally regulated financial institutions were generically analyzed to determine their ability to continue to promote essential services in the event of a major earthquake like those that have been postulated for this assessment. The conclusion reached thus far is that large-magnitude earthquakes pose no significant or unanticipated problems of solvency and liquidity for such institutions. The Federal Reserve System and other regulatory entities have procedures in place that are designed—and have been tested—specifically to provide for the continued operation of financial institutions immediately following an earthquake or other emergency.
There's been a spike in violent crime.
If he turns right, he'll come to the museum.
The fortuitous coincidence of circumstances led to an unexpected collaboration.
Mary plucks her eyebrows.
Have you been here a while?
Tom built that for me.
It isn't necessary to kill all the mosquitoes.
Did you buy avocados?
That wasn't about anything.
The weather here is cold throughout the year.
Theories also include abstract ideas.
I didn't get any money from anyone.
I just don't want this to happen any more.
I came here tonight to announce that I won't be seeking re-election this fall.
My parents got divorced a long time ago.
I like honey better than sugar.
Who wrote that book? It was John.
I hardly ever wear makeup.
Tom showed me a picture of the house he was living in.
You claim all you like. We need evidence!
She regretted squandering her money.
I'll call her now.
Old habits must be unlearned.
Tom built all this.
We're fooling ourselves.
Have you contacted Tom?
I think we're all suspects.
This house was designed by Tom Jackson.
There's still a lot left to eat.
That's not in my job description.
I have a class on Mondays.
Tom showed me some of his drawings.
Soak the pears in brandy.
They went to Mary's place.
They told me that she went to the store.
Did you catch some fish?
I write to her once a month.
He was injured in the battle.
Have you been keeping yourself fit?
I don't know how far we walked.
I should've known Tom was going to be late.
I'm waiting for the shop to open.
About how much do Christmas trees cost?
He might be interested.
Tell me what you did last weekend.
Peace for humanity is something we can only reach when we start to make peace a reality in ourselves.
Mary isn't ashamed to admit it.
Tom and I have decided not to go to Boston for Christmas this year.
Can you ring me tomorrow at about eight?
Do you have someone with you?
Where'd you buy this wine?
In fact, what is a language?
Has he got siblings?
Did you do something illegal?
Don't do unto others that which you do not want done unto you.
Corruption is a crime.
Dennis was known for chicanery and sleight-of-hand.
Which rooms are occupied?
During the spring of 1931, Ben Black Elk translated his father's words for writer John Neihardt. In the years that followed, and particularly after his father's death in 1950, Ben Black Elk became one of the last links to the "old ways" of his people. He often visited local schools to retell traditional stories of Lakota history and culture to students. Some of those sessions were recorded by Lakota educator Warfield Moose, Sr., who entrusted the tapes to his son in 1996.
We have Tom to thank for this.
He can read really well.
With the new cars and light trucks added to the global fleet, the world is nearing a milestone — one billion vehicles on the roads. Most are petroleum-fueled internal combustion engines, whose emissions cause environmental problems like air pollution and contribute to global warming.
I didn't feel like I was treated well there. That's why I came here.
Come by again some time!
Every year the U.S. poultry industry produces nearly 2,000 metric tons of feathers. Some are used to make pillows, coats and low-grade animal food. But about 80 per cent goes to waste.
We do that together.
Between the ages of one and four, young children should consume no more than 118 milliliters of fruit juice, the doctors' group says. The academy recommends that children between the ages of four and six restrict their juice intake to no more than 177 milliliters a day, while children between seven and 18 should limit their fruit juice consumption to 236 milliliters.
Purvesh Khatri, a professor of medicine at Stanford, helped develop the biomarker test, which looks at which genes are switched on or off, depending on the infection.
Do you have any other appointments?
I'd leave him if I was you.
Ah, now I understand.
Tom co-authored a novel with Mary.
I talked to Tom in Boston.
Ms. Martinez says the tidal wave spawned by the quake reached as far away as Somalia's coastline, but in a much-weakened form. A series of aftershocks have been recorded, including one registering 7.3 on the Richter scale that jolted parts of Bangladesh. Minor aftershocks have been detected as far away as the U.S. states of Alaska and California.
This is my partner, Tom.
I saw Tom being arrested.
He left early this morning.
You should've brought Tom.
Will you make me a cup of tea? "What do you want? Black? Green?" "No. Peppermint, please."
Yanni has beaten Skura.
Interesting, isn't it?
I've known Tom for over three years.
Don't get in my way. I'm busy.
You should've called much earlier.
Tom passed out from dehydration.
You should've behaved yourself.
The beam of particles is now traveling around the 27-kilometer underground tunnel, which straddles the Swiss-French border near Geneva. It will take a couple of months for the LHC to get up to speed. The accelerated protons will travel at nearly the speed of light.
I doubt Tom was working alone.
What have you learnt today?
We don't decline this noun.
What is poorly conceived is difficult to state, and the words to say it happen in Flemish.
I made her laugh today.
He slammed the brakes.
There's no light.
I was told Tom did that.
Tom doesn't know exactly where he was born, but he knows he was born in Australia.
You should've hired a lawyer.
I am proud of my children.
Our divorce was really messy.
Did you really see a bear?
My coworker knows the technical data.
Back when we were a nation of 200 million people, 38 percent of us lived in the suburbs. Now fully HALF of our 300 million people do. Housing tracts have displaced pastures and quiet copses and turned suburbs into centers of economic and political power. And everything you may have heard about explosive growth in what we call the "Sun Belt" is true. Just about half of our 300 million people now live in the sunny South and West. That's twice as many people as lived there 39 years ago.
Magnesium sulphate is a very inexpensive drug that's widely dispensed in the United States to women with pre-eclampsia.
You promised not to interfere.
I already wrote the sentence.
Dr. Gregory and his team hope to develop elastin tissue for all kinds of replacements: skin, stomachs, intestines, arteries and eventually entire body parts.
She says her team is making improvements to their audio-analysis software so that they would be able to distinguish the flights that the bees make when they either leave or return to their colonies.
Did you steal Tom's shoes?
Did you guys see anyone?
You're the only person who ever rings me after 10.00 p.m.
You should show that to a doctor.
Mammals, reptiles, and birds are amniotes.
From a barrel of rotten apples, you can still fish out one or two edible ones.
Our fate has been sealed.
Tom doesn't know the difference between a grenade and a pomegranate.
Did you pick up some beer?
You should've supported me.
Did you say run away?
Both my hands are burnt.
What does a major museum do with its masterpieces when it closes for a four-year renovation?
I would be very happy if someone would help me translate this sentence correctly.
One of our horses has been stolen.
Did you still want to swim?
Look, a jellyfish.
There's too much sugar in this tea.
Tom and Mary both seemed very impatient.
If you're so silenced, how come you're always on TV talking about it?
Do you miss your country?
Did you write down everything?
I feel really fat.
Perception is everything, reality is nothing.
Cows and goats are ruminants.
The Romans used to value Cato at a great price, Caesar at a greater.
You don't understand that either, do you?
Have you been to the beach?
There's nothing poetic there.
I left her behind!
Trust no one!
Everybody should do what Tom does.
His heart operation is scheduled for the morning.
Iga is a shortening of Jadwiga, but used as a name in its own right.
This is why I want to talk to Tom.
I apologize for my mistakes.
Will you show me where he lives?
But in a country where land officials say that disputes over a few meters of turf are turning deadlier, and the population is booming, the war on hunger is far from won.
Tom is ambiguous, isn't he?
Amphitheatres are usually unroofed.
She found the book boring.
And when I felt your hand upon my arm and spake to you, why did you give no answer?
Warm-season maximum and minimum air temperatures were close to normal (±2°F), except in June and July, which were warmer than normal.
What time did you stay until?
This bed is warm too.
They all have the same goal.
Here the only people who can speak French are Tom and Mary.
I wonder what I should do to avoid Tom's anger.
I want you all to accompany me to church.
I could not say what I wanted.
Don't impede traffic.
I will talk to them if I meet them.
I didn't mean to capitalize this.
In the evening I made such a tasty lunch for work that at 2 in the morning, I got out of bed and scarfed it all down.
IALA's endeavor to compile a dictionary of generally international words led of necessity to the assembly of a basically Romance vocabulary.
There's a hornet in the kitchen.
I missed an appointment today.
I have an idea where to get some money.
The time has come to reveal that which has been hidden.
It smells like shredded wheat.
Science says that blondes are smarter.
Are they a cult?
You are shallow.
Now is not the time to exercise wit.
I waited alone in front of the hotel.
They made us angry.
The lid to the breadbox doubles as a cutting board.
This synthetic voice sounds very robotic.
They're friend with all the neighbours.
There will probably be a test today.
He lived with his parents.
We still live partly in yesterday.
Those children are getting bigger.
I don't need his help.
Ana only wants knowledge.
We shower together.
Tom was expecting you to say yes to her.
I think we should have a picnic.
I weigh two kilograms less now.
Can I take that heavy parcel off your hands, Ms Miller?
Give me the cheese.
You already know who I'm talking about, right?
Yes, that's exactly what I'm suggesting.
I don't have as much spare time as I used to.
I've already learned what Tom is like.
The performer, revelling in the limelight, did not notice the audience's shift in attention.
Who are you, strangers?
Will you be eating at home tonight?
I also have a question.
All of us here are working for Tom.
A word of encouragement is more effective than coercion.
Tom is zestful, isn't he?
There are five of us living in this house.
He lost a hand in an accident.
He'll need money.
Those aren't crows. They're grackles.
Kill with your silence, punish with your absence, win with your smile.
Many thanks for your efforts.
The love within their family was boundless.
Please stop opening the door without knocking.
I studied French at school.
You may eat whatever you want.
The Philippines has many beautiful beaches.
I feel a whole lot better.
Someone must've taken your brolly by mistake.
Did you have your gun out?
Did you want me to stay?
We've had multiple countries with nuclear weapons for almost 100 years without a nuclear war.
Tom stroked the foal.
The Black Sea Fleet has disappeared.
I'm afraid I don't have much time left ahead of me to be able to do everything I have planned to do for today.
When did the concert start yesterday?
It's been a while since we've talked.
That's what I've been waiting so long for.
You're really mean.
I'd rather be married.
Tom should still be alive.
I scrub the dirty floor.
They are nice people.
Certain words can be used without a specific context.
I don't want to eat it now.
A heavy storm is on its way.
I'll never be as much in love as in a relationship with another Capricorn.
Last winter, my neighbour hit a deer with his car.
Rabbinic Judaism is based more on Hillel than on Shammai.
To succeed in politics, you have to be a good liar.
Please call me at half past six.
Would you like an apple as well, Tom? "Oh, I'd love one." "Hard luck. You're not getting one."
The jury usually consists of 12 members.
I am from America.
They are taking their donkey.
I want to eat lots of food, but I can’t eat.
Through sustainable land management practices, afforestation initiatives, and community engagement programs, Algeria has made significant strides in reversing desertification trends.
Marriage does not happen in the same sept.
I helped Rima around the house.
My wizard friend's name is Larry Popper.
My parents are a waste of my valuable time.
Why don't I like your dog?
I stayed overnight in the village.
What foundation supports your claim?
Tom must be rescued.
There are red fish in the lake.
Tom should quit.
Don't tell your father.
I know it's quite hard to believe but January 1st has the highest number of people living on Earth.
Everywhere in the city, body counts is increasing quite alarmingly and the culprit behind all this will soon be discovered.
Hurry if you wish to catch the start of the film.
I will set limits for him.
I'm willing to wait a few more years down the road for your death to come.
They lost their temper with us.
May God protect you.
Blood is going to be shed.
Tom lives in the same village as me.
Don't say anything stupid.
Even the name itself is too careless.
What the deuce?
There were already people living there.
Ziri hurt the bird.
Tom is about to turn 30; can you believe it?
He walked towards the front door.
I can't get my day off to a good start if I don't have my usual Coca-Cola drink.
I'll give you detention for a month.
She achieved nothing.
Does anyone here know Mirandese?
Capricorns are the glue that stick this world together.
He has a beautiful car.
The EU has 24 official languages.
He is still very quiet.
What exactly made you decide to buy the car? "I fell in love with those beautiful curves along its body!"
Move away from that girl.
They walked the neighbor's dog.
They used vivid colors.
Ziri's clothes were in the closet.
Ziri filled the basket again.
Is all that I say to him wrong?
He is completely smitten with him.
What were you sacked for?
He will not succeed in laughing at my expense.
What colour is the Black Sea?
Blossom is a panda cub who belongs to mulan.
Remain in that spot.
They don't support a wider war.
Ziri was just surprised to see Emma that way.
Ziri counted the napkins before the meal.
Ziri found vintage clothing in the attic.
Ziri is addicted to pills.
Ziri had a bad feeling about this.
Ziri wore blue socks to match his suit.
Ziri stinks and he needs to go now.
Ziri examined his belongings for any issues.
Were you deceived?
He is not there at all.
The writer is writing a new book.
Ziri managed to outrun Rima.
He was born the day he died.
Is that so? That was good to hear!
No one wishes to eat.
She ate and drank.
In case of death, we'll drag them down with us.
May I engage in this activity?
It's a good road.
Bring the money here.
The journey is long for you.
Where has your tranquility gone?
The fall was a consequence of the lightning-fast formation of smooth ice.
She actually cried.
No one can ease their hearts.
My father is still alive.
Today is sunny, it's good for the garden.
He understood his moment had arrived.
She treated him unfairly.
Bring the dog into the house.
His brother irritated him.
It's impossible to find oneself in this country.
She fell in the corner.
Whoever has eaten the sheep returns at least the fleece.
Did you sell anything?
Today I'm on duty early.
Tom got really nasty.
Do they miss something.
He has not taken something to eat.
Who answered your question?
Who'll be last?
Language is a means of communication between people.
The bare truth and the bare facts is that most people were born on January 1st in the world but you just don't want to see it for yourself.
They are harassing us.
I'm a Spaniard.
He slept on his left side.
I'm not doing bad, but don't worry, one day I won't fail to die.
Didn't you already say that?
For better or worse, we will have to confront them with the truth.
I could come at five.
The restaurant on Park Street will be restored next year.
My brain is always craving for more useful information.
I have a very special name.
You're twisting my words around, you're making it sound like I mishandled the situation, which cannot be further from the truth.
I am feeling too much ashamed about killing my own parents.
Today, I had fried rice for lunch.
Let's go see if Tom is home.
He was familiar with that smell.
He tried to catch the chicken.
Tom is an expert at debugging.
Tom will be celebrating his birthday next week.
I got tested for AIDS.
I felt like I had to say something.
You're trying way too hard and you're overdoing it with your fake sincerity.
Mary and Tom believe that learning is a two-way street.
I usually stay home on rainy days.
She holds her baby in her arms.
What will you offer to Tom?
The swallows are chirping.
The betrayal cut deeper than any wound.
Mary assisted with child care during the emergency evacuation.
Did the cybersecurity team identify the threat?
Although he violated curfew, he got off lightly with just a reminder.
Recognition fuels progress.
Spirituality helps us find our true path.
You're quite mistaken!
Mary is discovering new cultures through her travels.
Is the meeting still happening?
Brace yourselves for colder days ahead of us.
You walk with the assurance of one who knows their path.
His presence commands serenity.
In stillness, strength is forged.
You move like the wind, free and sure.
I enjoy speaking with native speakers.
Is there hope in the darkness?
No sooner had they left than it rained.
He heard another footstep.
He asked me it.
Neither joy nor sorrow lasts forever.
Could they have known what was coming?
Do you see the path ahead?
Few people were as prepared as they were.
Is it fair to all parties?
They asked about the meaning of life.
He respects his peers' growth.
He kept his eyes on the horizon.
The royal banquet was a lavish affair.
Do you see challenges as opportunities?
He finds joy in creative thinking.
Do they support continuous improvement?
They study the impact of art on mental health.
Do we create our own limitations?
Is love the only force that matters?
You gotta call him before he's gone.
If you need me, ring the bell.
That's so awesome!
If you could teleport anywhere right now, where would you go?
How do you think social media impacts personal relationships?
Albert Einstein was born in Ulm in 1879.
He can't help but kill everyone's joy at parties.
Can other people understand it?
I thought that was it.
The car isn't orange, it's khaki-coloured.
Was it you that wrote this note?
I'm just a fabulous human being, my own smartness works miracles for one and for two, I can turn even the most trickiest life situations into the realm of possibility.
May I eat in my room?
I take care of my mother.
What's something you wish you could do again?
She didn't run.
He went to the great wall.
Is there any way to write work in english?
Tom lost his job and fell into depression.
He's going to at yexlef.
Tom's just making it hard for us.
Even if the sun rose in the west, I wouldn't change my decision.
You had a job.
He decided to break for lunch.
He glared at her coldly.
Sometimes it's fun to reminisce about when one was a boy.
If we do our best, things can go in the right direction again.
The thumbnail answers the question in the title.
The truth is sometimes better left unsaid.
This is salt.
He stood staring at the wall in disbelief.
But that's absurd though.
She does everything wrong.
He took the kids to the zoo.
Quickly we had sold all wares.
She sneaks around on the weekends.
She waited anxiously in the dark.
What's the most exciting thing you've done this year?
What even happened here?
Tom probably would've died if Mary hadn't saved him.
She ran for nearly two hours without stopping.
She moved into the new home.
Good evening, ladies.
How many miles does your car have?
The grades of the exam are known. Hannah has passed!
The operation system is being updated.
A lone island could be seen from the shoreline.
He filled the tube with dirt.
I got an AIDS test.
Their work is repetitive.
Create a social media post that targets teenagers and explains how our product can help them.
She turned the store around.
She doesn't need to see this from a different perspective.
We have to do the next challenge.
Nothing could have prepared the officers for what was recorded on that tape.
We already spoke to the principal.
I'm really content with that!
We quit pranking people.
We're going to the meet and greet.
We were behind the firecrackers.
I am so hungry I could eat a horse.
I always make myself feel better by working harder.
He always argues with me.
We ended up in jail.
We worked with military officials.
They write young-adult fiction.
They had fun at the party.
They never watch that show.
They still hadn't spoken a word.
They moved aside with the boxes.
I consider him a true friend.
Tom had the company checked out by police.
They're hunting deer today.
They don't want to hear any excuses.
You speak like an idiot.
I almost died making that video.
I like penguins.
He published very practical educational books about Russian geography.
I don't have any trees in my garden.
He'll be transferring schools next week.
He stopped making promises.
They don't respect their neighbours.
I will soon know why.
You're going to give them some advice.
She restarted the generator.
She was selling drugs to teens.
He's in Istanbul.
The melody of this song constantly plays on and on in my mind.
Tom is being extradited to Australia.
Why is it so cold here?
How many years older was Onassis than Jacqueline?
The higher the barrier, the stronger the desire to climb over it.
I followed the footprints.
He said the same thing.
He has been working on this all day.
I was out of the tent.
“Ten minutes isn’t very long to say an eternal farewell in,” said Anne tearfully. “Oh, Diana, will you promise faithfully never to forget me, the friend of your youth, no matter what dearer friends may caress thee?” “Indeed I will,” sobbed Diana, “and I’ll never have another bosom friend—I don’t want to have. I couldn’t love anybody as I love you.” “Oh, Diana,” cried Anne, clasping her hands, “do you love me?” “Why, of course I do. Didn’t you know that?”
He went home to change.
I slid into a snow bank.
Many people die due to suicide in the country.
The truth will make your mind break free.
I went to the cinema.
I visited a cool bar.
I've once spotted an alien starship in the Moroccan sky.
He was right around the corner.
He called CPS on the neighbors.
I don't fart rainbows.
She's as poor as a church mouse.
Is it cold in your country?
I always wear a watch, so I know what time it is.
He told the judge the truth.
It looks like rain again tomorrow.
He drove to a motel.
I don't remember when I last used my credit card.
He knew he needed that.
He put the groceries on the counter.
He never talked about religion.
The boy grows, becomes a man, I see God.
He returned the keys to the janitor.
Tom is hot-blooded.
He couldn't speak clearly.
We had drizzle yesterday.
That's not how I progress.
He told Viola everything.
We sing off-key.
I spend little.
He returned to the tent.
He started playing video games.
The master of the order falls at my feet with tears in his eyes.
He escaped with the stolen items.
He can't take care of such an expensive car.
He was heading for a cliff.
He never revealed the combination to the safe.
He's going to be rich.
I see life through the light of your eyes.
He got into the utility corridor.
Go away, Tom. You're driving me nuts!
We're both fat.
I'm thinking of staying in tonight.
He saw it ten years later.
Has your mother returned from going to the market yet, child?
She may have been surprised to hear the news.
They are able to hurt them.
What do you usually eat?
I am without vigor.
What's the meaning of this laughter?
He spent the money so fast.
I read in the newspaper that my neighbors had won a prize.
Her favourite group is Warpaint.
Tom was mean to us.
There didn't seem to be anything.
I needed to sort out some matters before the meeting.
Look after yourself!
The sky in my country is always blue.
If you have no enemies, it is a sign fortune has forgotten you.
My car is very dirty. I have to wash it!
She's a picture of joy.
He succeeded in picking the lock.
And that's how I met the little prince.
Let me have some of that water.
They gave Tom full support.
They kissed me on the cheek.
What will happen if there is a power outage now?
Tom had sandwiches for lunch.
Mateo is an expert in ancient cartography.
Being around her inspires confidence.
I had to decide.
Ziri's videos have no ads and can be downloaded.
Choosing can feel tough on certain occasions.
More points should be assessed.
Explore alternative ideas.
I can’t find the strength to say anything to him.
He crosses the Channel in thirty-five minutes.
At the end of it, you might suffer more than we do.
In my language, the "," is called a comma, the ";" is called a semicolon, ":" is called a colon, "..." is called an ellipsis and this sentence ends in a full stop.
Don't say sorry.
That's too early.
I find it hard to understand what they say.
First and foremost, show respect.
I've given her my key.
Keeping respect in mind is crucial.
My current routine doesn't excite me.
Mária is a Slovak student.
I radiate positivity everywhere.
After walking for hours through winding paths and sunny clearings, he finally reached an immense tree whose branches seemed to touch the sky.
My maternal grandfather was Asturian.
Tom drinks so he can put up with daily life and other people.
I'm waiting for the answer.
Do you have the exact address?
Is this Dürer genuine or is it a forgery?
Is it alright if I don't consult?
I’m angry!
Dreams can highlight unresolved issues.
Its flavour is indescribable.
I have to take what's offered to me.
What do you guys think, will she like it?
I'm waiting inside for you.
Your country's GDP at PPP is smaller than Japan's.
They wasted too much time in Paris.
A preventive war, to my mind, is an impossibility today.
Mary put poison on Tom's fish and in his drink.
Please wait for two minutes.
Everything is too simple.
His self-dependence helped him succeed in life.
I am sick with asthma.
She is afflicted with a serious illness.
I would have loved to have seen her performance.
Tom bought a pomelo.
You need to know how to read between the lines.
The loom holds the warp in place, and then you weave the weft through it from side to side. (The word "weft" comes from "weave"!) For towels, carpets, velvet and the like, there's also the nap, or the little pieces of yarn that stick out to make a softer or more absorbent fabric.
The CEO doesn't take his mobile phone with him when he goes on holiday.
Godzilla has to have his own branch of herpetology.
Tom limps when he walks.
No more sitting.
Tom was reprimanded again.
Daniel was the only one who could read the writing on the wall, as he was the only Volapükist.
I'd like to rest.
What scares me most is having to explain to people how and why to wash their hands with soap.
I'll look for resources to support his journey.
Losing money costs you absolutely nothing.
Tom is outside playing with his children.
Give help to others.
How many times have I asked you not to take my things without asking?
I'll keep your phone number in case I need to contact you later.
Your kindness makes the world a better place.
Fashion is an aesthetic crime. It doesn't call for definitive good or definitive beauty. It only ever wants something new.
They spend their time chasing women.
My mother doesn't like that I drink and smoke weed.
Berzerkers are famous for the bloodlust, but what about their tender regard for poetry?
His nerves were completely wrecked before the big presentation.
I might organize my space a bit.
I listen.
It's eaten with a fork.
And you won't curse?
I'm answering him, not you.
Learning any language is fun.
I am a guy, by the way.
I fell on my knees and burst into tears.
Before the man drowned, he shouted one last time for help.
Their communication is open and honest.
Everyone ignored him during lunch.
Can I tell this to Tom?
I want to share an intimate moment together.
What else do you need to know about Tom?
I always wear a mask in crowded places.
It's helpful to eat an apple every morning and every evening.
I'm getting my tan.
I just like it that way.
What did you just say?!
One high-profile example of an airworthiness directive is the one issued for the Boeing 737 MAX.
These plants are low-maintenance.
We expected Tom's help, but it didn't come.
He finally gave in.
The mosque became a second home for his kids.
Taiwan was once a colony of Japan.
Have you tried the hot pot in Taiwan?
Old photographs capture moments of laughter and joy.
They had never met each other.
He looked for her for five hours.
Today it's a little warmer.
Do you want to go shopping with us?
Sorry, I can't attend your party.
When is regret a useful emotion?
Her heart isn't beating anymore.
Last year, we said he'd do this. He said that was a lie, and you listened to him. Now he's doing this and you're saying, "Oh well, it's what the people wanted." Then why did he deny it?
Tom is so cute!
Don't speak so quickly !
Let's eat soybeans instead of meat.
Which combinations of colours do you like?
Marriage is a banquet that begins with dessert.
I work four days a week.
The insurance contract isn't very clear on that matter.
New file has been modified.
I don't believe that it is my home.
In Globasa, only a handful of words, such as matre and patre, indicate gender. Otherwise, words denoting people are gender-neutral.
What kind of pants does Tom want?
The image appeared onscreen.
I'm a kitten.
The population of the Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic (NAR) has increased.
In reality, things we don't dare to do because they are difficult, are difficult because we don't dare to do them.
Andorra is a principality situated between Spain and France.
One rehearsal is not enough.
The case occurred during the night shift.
Do you dream in English?
Last year I bought a ladder.
Poppy seed cake tastes best with a cup of coffee.
A cerulean sky and breezy warm weather was today, the 20th of July of 2025, here on Lulu Island. As usual, I walk to Tim Hortons café for summer drinks. At home, there is a Filipino dessert of sticky rice balls, jackfruit pieces, and tapioca pearls in coconut milk. Lunch was a curry rice dish much like Beef Rendang, but it wasn't. I walked my 72nd time this "Krismas" year to the "Clam Temple," the Roman Catholic church at St. Albans Road. On the way, in the immaculate garden of the Korean lady, was a hummingbird floating in the air. I delighted myself by whispering in Esperanto, "Kolibro!" (Hummingbird!). At the church lobby were two Kenyan ladies in beautiful colourful African gowns. I complimented: "Your clothing is really nice!" As I was sitting at the back of the near-empty nave, a Filipina worshipper approached and irksomely asked that I take off my green safari hat as a sign of respect. "Sorry!" I exclaimed. Later, at the front of the nave was an ongoing baptism of a Filipino baby boy named Mateo. Filipinos gathered around, there with the white minister and a Filipina nun. As I walked home, I said in Esperanto, "La loko estas magia!" (The place is magical!).
Of course it doesn't work you lunkhead, you've not plugged it in!
The uroscan is a painless procedure.
Which one among them?
My computer barely working
I really love rain.
The National Copyright and Related Rights Office ensures compliance with its charter.
Who says that? "I say that."
The building kept its status of residency of the supreme power even after Azerbaijan restored its state independence.
Our old house was pulled down.
Home is where you don't have to explain yourself to be understood.
Go this way, please.
Tom wasn't waiting for me. He was waiting for you.
He can't swim, and I can't either.
Make metal doom again.
Almost nothing was required of me.
